The Jargon File
===============

This file contains various utterances and tales from the most despicable CS undergrad association on campus.

#### "Oh sh\*\*, hoser"

A term exclaimed upon hosering something, whether it's food, tech swag or any form of volunteary or involuntary handout.

#### Hoser

#### Server of many names

Sometime in 2016/2017, Sid Masih started work to get Nvidia to donate GPUs to the CSUA for use in a
computing cluster for undergraduates. After a long period of work, they arrived in late 2017. The
original names for the server, `smoothie` and `tesla`, were taken, and during GM 3 in fall 2017,
members were asked to propose names. Nithin Raghavan proposed `Maersk` after the shipping company of
the same name due to the fact that the computing server would run "containers". An abuse of root
staff privileges led to this being the official name for a few months until Robert Quitt suggested
`latte`. After a month of running as `latte` during it's development period, Mark Hill made a cron
job to change the server's name to a random word from `/usr/share/dict/words` every 3 hours, thereby
avoiding anymore naming discussions.

#### Blockchain

In late 2017, the cryptocurrency `Bitcoin` experienced a meteoric rise from a few thousand dollars
per bitcoin to well over 17000 dollars. This led to everyone and their mother investing in and
writing about bitcoin and blockchain technology as a whole. Some really stupid ideas related to
blockchain developed into startups during this time due to investor mania (as of summer 2018, this
is still happening). This led blockchain to be viewed as a buzzword technology, and as a result,
CSUA members began using the term as a joke. For example, if someone talked about creating a new web
service, someone else would jokily suggest storing their data on the blockchain, or creating a new
cryptocurrency to process transactions.

During GM3 in spring 2018, Mark Hill ran unopposed for Tech VP, and so ran on the platform of
bringing more blockchain to the CSUA. Within hours of his election, CSUA-Cash was born. It is a
git-based cryptocurrency, where people have a directory named after their username, and a file
inside named `cash`. That file contains the amount of CSUA cash they own. To make payments, people
can edit the balances of other members or ransack the `pnunez` account, then submit a pull request
to the main repo. Since git is distributed, this currency is distributed. Since there are multiple
repo admins, this repo is also decentralized. The currency has laughably bad security, but performs
an automated Travis CI check to prevent currency inflation. Since it has a green `build passed`
badge, it must be legit!

#### Slack reacts

#### League of Legends Club

#### Office Layout

#### NOT A DRINKING CLUB

#### Costco runs

#### No porn in the office

#### yui-md

#### Nick Weaver

#### Officer points

#### Artefacts
