Meeting starting at 7:04

People in attendance: Rodney, Mary, Jessica, Zach, Josh, Nate, Sam,
Heidi

\(1) Politburo Retreat

-   Fill out the form

\(2) Events and Room Schedulings for Next Semester

-   Rooms will need to be booked (schedule remains the same)

-   HackNights

-   Jessica will teach people how to reserve rooms

\(3) Logo \-- TJ's got another presentation

-   didn't happen

\(4) Getting Involved Brochure

-   Will be talked about at retreat?

-   Deadline will be at:

-   Jessica will talk to millicent aobu

\(5) GM 3 +/deltas

-   \+

    -   Good Food

    -   Speed of voting

    -   No one voting for beer bucket

    -   Jacob running with Wayne as a proxy

-   delta

    -   Not a lot of people

    -   Everyone is graduating

    -   Non-vegan food only

    -   Almost all of us ran unopposed

    -   poorly planned

    -   Started late

\(6) Painting the Office over the summer/Redecoration

-   Paint the room and office

-   Administration is willing to repaint the office for us, we need to
    > provide times

-   Posters will be bought

-   Sam will be in charge of painting the room over the summer

\(7) Card key over the summer

-   Jessica will be sending out a form for people to fill out

\(8) Demo Day with H\@B

-   Talk with H\@B later tonight

-   Mary is in charge of this

-   hackathon?

    -   Get a bunch of startups

    -   Students grade industry and industry grade students (Startups
        > might be interested)

    -   Doable but a lot of work

\(9) PHD Movie Night +/deltas

-   \+

    -   It's-it's \[++\]

    -   Had an internal event

-   deltas

    -   Hayg delegated way too late (6 hours)

    -   Kind of late, fell asleep \[Josh\]

    -   Saturday Night was a terrible time

        -   Planned late

        -   during other stuff

    -   Movie was not as good as advertised

    -   hayg did not get the key, Jessica had to go get the key

    -   Bad communication

\(10) Javascript Meetups and RoR Meetups

-   RoR meetups

    -   organized by a guy at pivotal lab

    -   3rd tuesday of every month

    -   Only people who are not students show up

    -   Josh Hawn will be in charge of running them

-   Javascript Meetings

    -   No decision made

    -   Need more information (Will they let students come?)

\(11) Hack nights: what to do with them next semester

-   What do want to do with them/

    -   Light snacks? actual hacking? real food?

-   Tabled until politburo Retreat

\(12) New Constitution ratified

-   Jessica will get it done by talking to Millicent tomorrow

\(14) Technological Infrastructure Projects \-- set in motion?

-   Setting in motion the git enterprise

-   Get things on the table out in the open

\(15) Food at politburo meeting

-   You have to be there (all of them)

\(16) Bring a hoser to politburo

-   Bring a hoser to meeting :D

\(17) Hosers

-   8 hours a week?

-   Tabled for now.

-   Rodney will send it out to politburo

Meeting ended at 8:02
