11/12 Meeting Agenda

Attendance: Sid, Allen, Susanna, Barak, Austin, Kara, Eranda, Claire,
Youdong, Michelle

Layteeeeee Peeeeps: LEO!, Angela, Allen

-   Root Day (11/15 3-6 PM)

    -   11/15 3:00pm - 6:00, 320 Soda

    -   THIS SUNDAY!!

    -   officers/prosp officers ONLY!!

    -   dinner?

        -   Possibility of grouping up after to go to food, but nothing
            > provided

    -   Assume that everyone has some basic knowledge about computers

        -   have some basic review bits, but then we'll get into more of
            > the stuff

        -   talk about how website works, what the servers do

    -   Austino will prepare a doc and send it out to Root staff for
        > proofreading

-   LAN with HKN (11/20 5:30 setup - Midnight)

    -   HKN is providing food

        -   Do we want to do dinner/snacks??

            -   just snacks!

    -   Do we want to provide our desktops?

        -   it takes a lot of work to set up everything

        -   could ask HKN to carry things

        -   Could only bring up one or two computers

            -   ONLY BRING 2 COMPUTERS!

    -   What to Bring:

        -   2 computers

        -   Wii/TV

        -   Dance Central (xBox)?

        -   Board Games

    -   We haven't had the best experiences with LAN parties -\> might
        > want to replace them with Board Games

    -   Make a Facebook event for internal (officers/prosp officers)

    -   Make a signup sheet

        -   coordinate with HKN??

        -   give it a try and see how it goes

-   Pinterest Tech Talk (12/4)

    -   do we want to do this??

        -   (-) They aren\'t going to pay for us

        -   (-) We'd be responsible for the whole room and stuff

        -   (+) BUT we don't wanna just drop out on them

        -   (+) possible future sponsorship

        -   (-) Two other student groups (HKN and UPE) already working
            > on the event

    -   we could bring up our concerns with Pinterest

        -   ask them for a sponsorship??

    -   Doesn't really seem like they are going to be willing to attach
        > themselves to one group -\> they skirted XRG and are working
        > with three different orgs

-   Redbull Destiny tournament (11/18 4-12 PM)

    -   Still need to get a room!

    -   Do we need to do anything else??

        -   provide people for help?

    -   We have the woz booked

        -   Redbull told us that that we just need to get a room

        -   it seems like we're going to need to have officers there to
            > make sure things go smoothly.

        -   Redbull agreed to pay for the clean-up fee

        -   it seems just like e-sports is using us to get a room

            -   we need to see if e-sports will give us some money for
                > cleaning the room

    -   It doesn't seem like anyone will want to go to the event

        -   no one will want to sit there for the entire time

        -   We don't know anyone who plays Destiny

    -   We will talk to e-sports\@berkeley and see if we can get some
        > money for cleaning the room/helping out with the event

        -   not going to do another one of these ones

    -   Megan should send out a signup sheet

-   Officer/Prospective officer policy proposal

    -   want to make the officer application process more structured

        -   come to the first PB meeting after you apply so that PB gets
            > to know you

    -   will send out event emails to prosp/officers so that they can
        > plan out which events to go to, etc.

    -   Will wait to vote on this until all 7 PB can be here

-   GM3

    -   need to send out the event post and let people know when the
        > event is happening

    -   needs to send out an email to members

    -   Think about if you want to run for a PB position :)

-   Office Misc

    -   New arrangement +/Δ

        -   new table to replace the wood-grain one??

            -   Ana and Claire are looking into buying two tables to
                > replace the biggest one

        -   new chairs??

            -   armrests for sure!

                -   need to make sure that they aren't super fragile

        -   small table for microwave??

    -   Sign on the door telling people that we can't let people into
        > soda?

        -   "Welcome to the CSUA! Please knock to be let into this
            > room!!"

        -   "Unfortunately, we can't let anyone into Soda"

    -   Security - door locked 24/7 +/Δ

        -   Doing very well - feel that it is working out goodly

-   Officerships:

    -   Sid: Met Ana the day before classes started; reconnected a
        > little bit after that. Has had a lot of fun at various events.
        > Feels that the CSUA does a lot of important events, from
        > corporate events to social events. Would like to be a part of
        > organizing all of the events. Was part of a similar club in
        > highschool, so he has some experience in event planning.
        > Events: went to all of the infosessions (execpt the last one)
        > and the hackathon

    -   Nathan: Met Megan at Calso, but then reconnected in the spring.
        > Really likes the feeling of the club and finds us to be very
        > inclusive. Lots of different people from lots of different
        > STEM majors. Feels that CSUA is the "accepting" club of the CS
        > department -\> we don't have a GPA cap to get in. Does a lot
        > of research so he has a lot of faculty connections. Really
        > likes coding (potential Tech VP???) Events: Meraki event, UPE
        > movie night, party during the summer, clean up at the
        > stackoverflow GM, running undergrad research symposium.

    -   Allen: Got introduced to the CSUA by Jeremy. Really like the
        > environment of the CSUA and enjoys the events. Wants to be
        > part of the team that is pulling it off. Really wants to be
        > part of the CSUA to help out with events and to learn s=more
        > about the club. Feels that he can help the CSUA/CS community.
        > Events: Helped direct people at the startup fair; went to the
        > hackathon (stayed the entire time!!!)

ACTION ITEMS:

Austino:

-   Make a document for Root day and send it to Root Staff

-   Figure out which two computers to take to the LAN party

-   Talk to the department to get wired AirBears

Susanna:

-   Internal Facebook event for the LAN Party

-   Signup Sheet for the LAN Party -\> coordinate with HKN

    -   ask HKN to get more snacks :)

Megan:

-   Send out a signup sheet

Jason:

-   Contact esports\@berkeley and the RedBull Rep and make sure that
    > we're all on the same page

    -   MAKE SURE TO CC CLAIRE!!

-   Email Pinterest to ask if they will sponsor us (next hack, etc)

Eranda:

-   Set up a fb event for the GM3

-   make sure to send out an email to all members about the GM
