11/1/16 Meeting Agenda

In attendance: Barak, Juntai, Julie, Yitz, Eric, Michelle, Jonathan,
Yannan, Ashley, Ray, Kevin, Sanath, Jeremy, Nick

Couldn't make it to the meeting but have feedback? Submit it through our
anonymous feedback form:
[[bit.ly/CSUA\_feedback]{.underline}](http://bit.ly/CSUA_feedback)

-   Startup Fair +/Δ

    -   \+

        -   "It was fine"

    -   Δ

        -   Companies?

        -   Needs to be more people volunteering for parking, etc, other
            > roles that are out there and alone

-   Voleon +/Δ

    -   \+

        -   Good turnout!

        -   We served food by hand.

    -   Δ

        -   Not very memorable.

        -   We should probably use gloves for serving?

            -   Gloves exist in the back room

-   6sense 10/28 +/Δ

    -   \+

        -   Talking to the engineers was great!

    -   Δ

        -   Very empty.

            -   Because of the ML\@Berkeley workshop? (Matlab)

            -   On the day of GM \#2

            -   People who go to 6sense may not have wanted to go to GM
                > \#2...

        -   Their talk needed work though.

-   GM2 +/Δ

    -   \+

        -   Speaker was okay?

            -   He had a lot of information though!

    -   Δ

        -   Too much food..

            -   And food was bought last minute........ And thus was not
                > berkeley thai house

        -   Not enough advertising close to the date?

            -   (perhaps advertised too early??)

-   OpenTable 11/3 ? 5-8 540 AB

    -   Room is booked! (Need to get key card access)

    -   Order food (west coast pizza)

    -   Volunteer get, etc.

-   Hackathon 11/4 5 PM - 11/5 8 PM

    -   Aim to have pizzas here by 6:30. Pick up at 5 PM?

    -   Meraki, Microsoft

        -   Have to talk to Sid and figure out who's speaking between
            > 6PM and 7PM???

        -   \...what's going on with Microsoft? Backing out?

            -   Meraki has agreed to pay more?? :D

        -   Slight loss on the hackathon, but not by too much.

    -   Jeremy - two costco runs?

        -   First for regular foods and snacks and stuff, second for
            > pizzas

    -   11PM/12AM ish - midnight sushi. Separate sushi platter for
        > PB/officers that attend.

        -   Ordered 300\~ pieces of sushi!

    -   No more noah's bagels, but we'll do Costco bagels + other costco
        > pastries.

    -   Montague's for lunch - 40 sandwiches; they will be cut into
        > halves.

        -   We'll need to bring a knife to make sure that the sandwiches
            > are actually cut into halves.

    -   Sid shall be fronting money for the hackathon!

        -   Coordinate with Neil.

    -   Stocked on espressos, coffee, red bull, drinks, etcetc.

    -   Need lots of help with preparation!

        -   Need to set up cables, tables, etc.

    -   We need overflow rooms!!!

        -   Hilfinger named two other rooms that we have booked
            > apparently.

    -   Intro for newbies workshop!!! :D

        -   Is this feasible? \@Caleb

        -   Also this depends on attendance perhaps?

        -   We could do this at HP?

-   11/9 5-8 OPEN

    -   Internal event??

    -   Board game night? :D

-   Capital One 11/10 5:30 or 6 start time

    -   Room booked.

-   CoreOS 11/11 6 HP

    -   Confirmed event.

    -   Room booked!

-   Cisco being moved to next semester

-   Misc:

    -   Costco

        -   We do need a restock soon, maybe half-restock along with
            > hackathon supplies

    -   Tech

        -   STF grant was inputted; they probably won't get back to us
            > until next semester.

        -   Server parts list is under work.

        -   Probably need to buy a new case? Since Coke's case has a
            > noisy fan?

            -   Coke's case is rather gross.

            -   We could also get a new fan too?

        -   

    -   Poll:

        -   What would we like to know about this year from dept? What
            > matters to students and needs faculty attn?

            -   More public funds?

            -   Better public availability?

            -   Basically these are just recycled ideas from Rao's same
                > call for action email.

        -   Destress week of 12/5. Ideas: Puppies on the patio, board
            > game night, Slackathon. Other ideas welcome! Your group
            > will be hosting and sponsoring the event; we\'ll help
            > coordinate and market.

            -   Cats??

            -   Punching bags?

            -   Bagels?

                -   This is our tradition! We'll be doing this one.

            -   Donation drive of all your tech tshirts that you don't
                > wear?

            -   What about pie-ing 61C staff/Josh Hug/etc?

        -   Please discuss the following with your group:

            -   Will you be participating?

                -   Yes

            -   What will you be planning?

                -   Bagels!!

            -   What do you need from me/or the department?

        -   If there are people making you uncomfortable, come talk to
            > us PB personally!

    -   Officer points

        -   \*\*\*If you didn't get 3 points last semester\*\*\* \--
            > come email PB! And talk to us!

        -   We'll now be counting officer points by naming the events at
            > which you helped out at, not just a count of events.

        -   Remember, you have to go up to Neil/Barak at each event and
            > check in!

        -   Most of the issues from last month were based on the event
            > ending early and people with later time slots not being
            > able to help out.

    -   Expected attendance for the Tahoe trip (out of people at this
        > meeting, so far...):

        -   Caleb, Megan, Barak, Neil, Eric, Michellle, Jonathan, Ray,
            > Sid, Yannan, Ashley, Loren, Yitz?

        -   We have plenty of beds \*but\* this house also has a
            > relatively big room. Should we do a mass sleepover in that
            > big room?

        -   Cars! Two things - We need someone who can drive in
            > \*snow\*.

    -   Indrel shadowing?? Sid will work out the details.

        -   For now, no emails from the shadowers.

-   End of prosps!

    -   Yannan Guo

        -   You've just pitched someone and they say they want to be a
            > member. What do?

            -   They go to the newuser website -
                > csua.berkeley.edu/newuser

            -   Stay there and authenticate with your officer
                > username/password

            -   (Don't forget about the list of rules! And the rules on
                > the wall!)

    -   Nick Bajaj

        -   How much loose leaf money can be in the drawer (and where is
            > the drawer)?

            -   Drawer is next to the refrigerator!

            -   If there are more than \$7 on the side then we put the
                > rest into the lock box. For any big bills, put it into
                > the lock box too.

-   New prosps!

-   PB only
