11/18/15 Meeting Minutes

Attend: Claire, Jason, Austin, Sanath, Yika, Michelle, Kevin, Eranda,
Susanna

Late: Barak, Sid, Barak, Ana

-   Lan Party

    -   2 desktop

    -   TV / Wii - smash

    -   Boardgames

    -   Wifi - Austin will talk to the department tomorrow

    -   Volunteer - send reminder tonight - Susanna

-   GM \#3 12/2 6:00 - 9:30

    -   Facebook up

    -   Flyers - Next Tuesday 11/24

    -   Food - order by 11/30

    -   Volunteer signup sheet - send out tonight

-   Mozilla

    -   Info session

        -   Directed to Atalie

    -   Study session/ coding for grub

        -   Their student representative - Jim

            -   From the description it sounds more like a Hack ++

            -   Ask them if they want to do it during deadweek (possibly
                > 12/13)

        -   We will hold off on this and check with Megan to see if she
            > want to work on this event.

-   Motorola

    -   We will move them to next semester since it's close to the end
        > of this one

    -   Tell them about CAP

-   Pinterest

    -   Three groups are asking for \$600 and so each gets \$200

    -   We just need one person to be there for the event to make sure
        > of the room

-   Office rule for event

    -   If an officer is helping at an event, then he/she will have
        > priority for the computer, if they chose. The idea is to
        > incentivise officers to help out at events.

    -   Yes

-   Root Day

    -   (+) There were 8 people there

    -   (+) Mostly positive feedback

    -   (-) We need to make sure the room is unlocked next time

    -   (-) People didn't show up like they said they would

    -   (+) AUSTIN IS GREAT \<3

    -   (+) SANATH IS GREAT \<3

    -   Idea from it:

        -   We should have more technical events(workshop, root day)

            -   Internal idea exchanges

            -   New technology or something shit like that

        -   We can make this into a **WEEKLY** meeting group activities,
            > help people to learn more new technology and help CSUA

        -   We might have a TODO list

        -   We will create a chat or some sort

    -   We should have a documentation for Office admin - Who you add,
        > what you installed

    -   Have a idea tab on the page - People can submit the idea they
        > are interested and find people to work with

    -   if people want to join on the Github page - email Austin

    -   Maybe have a newsletter we send out to all members

-   Office Misc

    -   Cleaning

        -   sometimes next week

    -   Cleaning rule

        -   MORE DETAILS LATER

    -   OUR NEXT MEETING WILL PROBABLY BE THE DAY BEFORE/AFTER gm \#3
        > SINCE NEXT WEEK IS TURKEY DAY

-   Officership
