1/25 CSUA Meeting agenda

-   Attendance: Arthur, Daniel, Ani, Eric, Bill, Catherine, Robert,
    > Jessica, Nurrr, Sophie, Megan, Ray, Anna

    -   Late: Kevin, Ben, Nithin, Neil, Jeffrey

-   Goals this semester

    -   Flyers

        -   We have flyers to pass out!

        -   Will be monthly flyers!

    -   Hackathon

        -   We may have a hackathon!

        -   Anna has a contact at some big VR company :O

        -   VR themed hackathon/day long workshop?

        -   Megan/Anna will figure this out

    -   Root availability - tech meeting

        -   One of our goals was to make root more avaliable

        -   Not publicized well so only one person came :(

        -   Possible root day this or next weekend to kick off tech
            > meetings

            -   Robert wants to have the date set my tomorrow

        -   Recurring tech meetings after root day "Mini root day"

        -   Robert will send info to Jessica because it's a tight
            > timeline and make an announcement at GM1

    -   Maersk

        -   Maersk is our NVIDIA GPU cluster! (50k worth of CPUs/rack)

        -   Giving computing resources to the general public!

        -   Robert (but mostly Nithin and Mark!) is trying to get up
            > before root day so that people can work on it during root
            > day

        -   If anyone is interested go to root day and build things!

    -   Workshops

        -   Eric may not do ML because ML is going up the wahoo with
            > their workshops

        -   Sid/Eric might do distributed computing/blockchain

        -   Arthur is gonna figure out when to schedule workshops

        -   Barak Michener - Kubernetes

        -   Robert wants to do Vim workshop (will talk to Yitz about
            > tips and resources)

        -   Arthur should ping Jessica when he's done with that

    -   Tutoring

        -   Ray will send an email to all who want to tutor to contact
            > Megan with their transcript and set up a spreadsheet

        -   Tutoring has been an issue with figuring out how to
            > publicize and we're not 100% sure on what to do if
            > non-officers want to do tutoring

    -   Podcast & YT

        -   Anna made a list of things that we need

            -   Might be a good investment to get a lighting set for a
                > more professional feel

                -   Nerissa has a cheap set :o

        -   Anna should start buying what she needs and posts an
            > interest form for this project and ask professors to be on
            > the podcast

    -   Photos

        -   We have a CSUA camera on the way!

        -   JT has a personal camera for events but is not here

        -   We should have an officer who's designated to take pictures
            > at events

            -   And if you're there please help by taking random
                > pictures of the event!!

            -   AND ITS FREE POINTS!!!

        -   We should be using the photos and thinking about how we
            > should use the photos as promotional material (flyers!!)

        -   Jessica should update the photos on the website, and someone
            > should teach Jessica how to do that

    -   Room reorg & back room

        -   We got a new table and a swanky new table setup it fits
            > nicely and the room is messy

        -   Backroom is just bad and there's a lot of unnecessary
            > things...

            -   We'll find a day to clean it

    -   Swag & Branding

        -   Megan has a banner and a table runner

        -   Anna posted some designs on the slack

            -   "Some of them were memes but some of them were
                > legitimate" - Anna

            -   A lot of people liked the only one that Anna didn't make
                > :')

            -   "Computer Science Social Club"

            -   Supreme logo :')

        -   We need something slightly more on the professional side

        -   Also more consistency with colors/fonts

        -   Megan will order banner and tablerunner today

        -   Anna will figure out shirts

-   Officer opportunities

    -   Tutoring

        -   Point per month

        -   Can put on resume

        -   Get people to join and appreciate the CSUA

        -   Can tell course staff that you're tutoring

        -   Ray will send out a followup email soon

        -   SIGN UP FOR TUTORING

    -   Resume book

        -   Ray will send things when charging companies!

        -   Check your email to be in the resume book!

    -   Website - tutoring? OH list? \"\$BLURB\"? 'Same'?

        -   Update office hour link on website

        -   Need to update website with tutoring page

        -   Put in office hours so Jessica can update the page!!

        -   Same does not mean actually same

        -   Add mouseover photos!!

        -   Update photos

    -   Leadership

        -   We talked about this last time too

        -   Lead things

-   Events/other

    -   WB Social

        -   \+

            -   HUGEEE Turnout

                -   Ty department

            -   Food was great and we had just about enough

            -   UPE helped pay

            -   Good job Arthur!!

            -   We should do more events like this to this standard!

            -   Good advertising

                -   Department, Flyer, UPE?, Piazza, FB Group spam and
                    > advertisement

        -   Δ

            -   UPE wasn't here, just one officer was there

                -   They were sorta annoyed by the bill \>.\<

            -   Timeline was short

            -   We need utensils/plates/gloves

            -   Disorganized

                -   Should prep earlier and debrief on what to do for
                    > bigger events

    -   Dropbox

        -   \+

            -   A lotta people 116 people towards the middle of the
                > event

            -   Good job Daniel for checking out mic

            -   82 going, 641 interested, 140 RSVP

            -   We've been doing a lot better in terms of outreach!

            -   Paid ads, facebook spamming

        -   Δ

            -   Sliver delivered very late.... 30 minutes late :(

                -   Be careful about Sliver orders

                -   But also IEEE ordered too... Unlucky

            -   The actual mics in sibley weren't even there...

                -   Daniel should report this

    -   Yelp

        -   \+

            -   "It was good" - Daniel

            -   "I didn't get a good headcount because I'm short" -
                > Daniel

            -   60-80 people

            -   They did food

            -   Yelp said they liked it

        -   Δ

            -   Didn't save food for Yelp people

    -   GM \#1 1/26

        -   Some place that Arthur forgot the name of - Thai food

        -   Jessica will spam later tonight so we will have a better
            > count on attendance

        -   Arthur will buy some food and prepare the slides and put a
            > volunteer spreadsheet out

    -   Startupfair

        -   Megan will be talking about HKN/IEEE about the fair

    -   Hackathon

        -   We should book a room for that

        -   Megan will book a room for it

    -   Amazon 2/15

        -   It will be happening

    -   Costco

        -   Megan will ask JT about Costco

    -   Clubs?

        -   Fun fun fun

    -   Faculty lunches? First is Feb 15

        -   Ben has it under control

-   Prospective Officers!!!

    -   Ani

        -   Freshman intended CS

        -   CSUA has the ability to reach out to a larger group of
            > people, and he feels like he can make an impact instead of
            > studying in his room

        -   Officership is a good way to help people and its a team of
            > people to work with

        -   "I want to take Daddy Denero to The Room"

    -   Nurrrr

        -   Senior CS

        -   She met us last sem and thought we were cool :O :O :O!!!!
            > Also she wants to give back to the community

        -   Officership is good to get maybe some leadership skills and
            > take a stronger role in giving back to the community!

        -   Weaver + Hacker movie for the entertainment value

    -   Jeffrey

        -   Freshman EECS major

        -   He went to a lot of our events last semester (ML Workshop +
            > Tech talks). He enjoyed listening to companies talk about
            > things and the free food.

        -   Officership because it\'s good to help people out!

        -   Sahai to Inception and pester him to explain so that
            > everything will be even more confusing!

PB Meeting

-   Should have PB/Shadow and then PB only so shadow doesn't have too
    > much influence

-   Keurig

    -   Damnit Sid

        -   He doesn't want it because its bad...

    -   We can give it to the staff

-   We approve all prosps!
