Here! Neil, Julie, Sid, Ana, Juntai, Michelle, Allen, Julie

Late! Caleb, Jason

2/17/16 Meeting Agenda

TechStart:

-   Mary Olsen

<!-- -->

-   Megan's email, what they want, what we want:

-   Tentative schedule:

    -   **10AM:** Students arrive at UCB

    -   **10-11:30AM**: Scavenger Hunt (**ANova)**

    -   **11:30AM-12:30PM:** Lunch **(we will pick students up from
        > activity and take them)**

    -   **12:30-2:15PM:** Tug of War Competition (**PiE)**

    -   **2:15PM:** Students Depart

-   looks like we could change this - she wants to know what's up

    -   could also do some sort of campus tour

    -   This schedule is a *past* schedule, not what we're actually
        > doing.

-   ~~We don't exactly like this tentative schedule.~~ See Above

    -   What if we take them into a lecture hall?

    -   Presentation? Interactive thing?

    -   What if we get a professor?

    -   Student Panel!

    -   *let's get a CS major to talk*

    -   Show them what we do? Slice of life

-   We may have a cost of materials, depending on what we do.

    -   Ask if they will reimburse us?

    -   

GM2 (3/2/16 at 8):

-   Room is already booked,already have a speaker.

-   Foods??

    -   Real food!

        -   Thai.

        -   Chinese

        -   Italian

        -   Not pizza.

        -   Berkeley Thai??

            -   Garlic Pork is sooooo good

            -   And they deliver!

-   Get a FB event by next Monday.

-   Also get a poster! And a sign-up sheet.

LAN Party with HKN(3/31):

-   how many computers to bring??

    -   Less computers!

    -   Six is too many. egh.

    -   Two is good!

-   Figure out if the Wii can connect to the projector?

    -   This will require testing.

-   snacks?

    -   HKN doesn't bring many snacks :c

    -   If we bring it \-- check if HKN will split it.

-   The room is booked.

-   Tournaments????

    -   Prizes?????

    -   Smash tournament!

        -   Only one machine, so it'll take a bit

        -   But this won't take *that* long

        -   

Set up an email system each week for all officers.

CalDay (4/16):

-   sign up list

-   make sure that people actually go??

    -   We think we have enough reliable people.

-   DeNero has enough help.

-   Do we want to table?

    -   We have in the past; we didn't last year \-- not enough people.

    -   Would be good. Let's do it!

    -   Incoming freshmen are so enthusiastic.

Meeting with Brian Harvey (2/19):

-   1-2 PM on friday! Meet at 12:50 at the office.

-   Chocolate

-   

Movie Night (2/19 @ 7 PM @ Woz):

-   Get some food!

-   intra-CSUA event. Hang out, watch a movie, etc

-   form mini-groups and order pizza!

-   officers + prosp, invite friends as wanted.

Undergraduate Research Symposium

-   Michelle?

-   Event is 12-3, 5/4. Booked for Hearst Mining

    -   Hearst Mining is bigger!

-   Our job: Give an email to all CSUA members

    -   We basically want presenters, it can be any research.

-   Most of the logistics is already handled by Nathan.

    -   

Hackathon (4/1):

-   What does Meraki want?

-   do we want to do a separate one?

-   If they don't respond by 3PM tomorrow, Jason will call them.

-   They apparently don't care if it's called CSUA Hackathon or Meraki
    > Hackathon

-   

SAP/Mounza:

-   It doesn't seem very good so far.

-   Apparently they have a history of walking in and asking for an
    > immediate (or soon) tech talk

-   Jason will call them.

-   If they don't respond by the end of tomorrow, we should decline
    > this.

    -   "Can't book a room this soon."

    -   Reschedule for later!

Events:

-   we need some

Office Misc:

-   money looks good\~

-   costco run on Monday (Ana couldn't get a car on Friday)

    -   Put stuff on the suggestion list on the board!

    -   

-   chairs??

    -   We want chairs.

    -   Buying two of those chairs first to see if they work.

    -   

-   iphone 5 chargers

    -   No more. They got stolen. Order more!

    -   More micro-USB cords! Longer ones.

    -   Would prefer to keep them in the back

    -   ask an officer to get them a cable.

    -   That officer would be in charge of getting that cable back.

    -   What if users give ID to the officer to get a cord?

    -   

-   We should clean out the back room....

-   headphones....???

    -   They're rather crappy :(

    -   White ones are okay. Green ones are a year old and... look
        > older.

    -   Probably not going to buy any new.

    -   

-   Let's put up signs! "Study space" etc.

-   Office has been a wreck recently..

    -   used napkins everywhere, etc

    -   Sake is dying :(

Sid: Send out an email for URS and/or somehow otherwise publicize. Also
set up a FB event for GM \#2. And a poster.

Michelle: Look into Berkeley Thai. Order stuff! Also, sign-up sheet for
GM\#2.

Jason: Call SAP/Mounza and Meraki (if they don't respond)

Caleb: Tinker with Sake when there's time.

Ana: Show Caleb the Tech-VP drawer.
