Attendance
==========

-   Present: Megan, Nerissa, Robert, Arthur, Daniel, Ray, Jessica,
    > Justin

-   Late: Anna

-   Quite late: Jeffrey

Topics
======

-   Goals this semester

    -   Flyers

        -   Jessica was going to make a flyer and that never happened
            > because our dates never became solid...

        -   No point in a flyer at this point for February

        -   March Flyer soontm

    -   Root

        -   Nvidia server name decision

            -   Right now the name is Maersk which is trademarked and
                > doesn't fit our convention

            -   How about Latte/Coffee/Tesla/Nvidia instead?

                -   Externally known as Tesla but internally as Latte?

        -   Password security/soda rebringup

            -   Robert recently pwned a bunch of people's passwords
                > through a password cracking suite.

            -   700 accounts cracked within a day...

                -   10 people want their accounts back

            -   Soda bring up

                -   It's the public portal to our server

                -   Caleb's in charge and is setting up the VM

                -   Contact Robert/Caleb if you're interested

    -   Workshops

        -   Scheduled!

            -   LaTeX booked for 2/27(Next Tuesday!) taught by Yitz

                -   Setup at 630, 7-8 will be the presentation

                -   Jason will be helping

                -   Arthur should send out a signup sheet for helpers

                -   Jessica should advertise the event on facebook/cs70
                    > piazza

            -   Vim/tmux on 3/9 taught by Robert

                -   5:30-6:00 setup for everything, short intro to
                    > ssh/bash

                -   6:10-7:00 beginners vim+tmux

                -   7:10-8:00 advanced topics

                -   Jessica should get the event on posted facebook

    -   Tutoring

        -   Jessica will send out an email to general member if they
            > want to become tutors

        -   Officers can tutor with B+/higher in the class

        -   General members can tutor during another officer's OH if
            > they are vetted by PB and have a B+/higher in the class

        -   Root should set up the calendar and get tutoring hours on
            > the calendar

    -   Podcast

        -   Loren is interested in helping but Anna needs more people to
            > help

        -   More info is on the \#officers slack

        -   When we get the podcast rolling, have some way of getting
            > feedback

        -   We also need to get AV equipment and people to do editing

    -   Photos

        -   We are using Robert's Polaroid camera to take pictures at
            > our events

        -   Robert will buy film for the camera and coordinate how to
            > deal with the camera with Arthur and Daniel

        -   We'll put photos in the office

    -   Swag/rebranding

        -   pls subsidize our top tier hoodies so we can order more

            -   Doesn't make sense to subsidize, not really CSUA wide
                > hoodies or include much of our branding minus the name
                > and website

        -   Anna should post the shirt design on \#officers and we
            > should get the shirts asap if there aren't objections

        -   It's important for us to have something that we can wear
            > consistently

    -   BEA

        -   Snek snek snek snek snek snek snek snek snek snek snek
            > sssssssss

        -   Their meeting is during our PB meeting so we aren't there

        -   It doesn't really feel like something that fits CSUA

        -   We want more information before
            > advertising/partnering/whatever

    -   Funds?

        -   Funds are good, we are still in the process of getting our
            > public funds

    -   Rules

        -   We are getting rid of the officer infraction form and
            > instead publicizing the feedback form a lot more

        -   If people are breaking the rules, if you don't want to call
            > people out, bring it up with someone on pb

        -   If you're confused on an office rule, ask someone on PB for
            > clarification

    -   Slack usage

        -   We are going to make slack more public so that people can
            > add themselves and be in the CSUA loop

-   Upcoming Events

    -   Movie night 2/23

        -   Canceled because like 4 other clubs are screening Coco this
            > weekend\...

        -   W\_\_\_\_\_\_ in the Woz

            -   Only advertise in \#officers

            -   "Arthur will be spending the majority of tomorrow
                > thinking of something fun to do"

    -   C3 IoT 3/6

        -   CAP Infosession

        -   Anna will get the budget for food and get it to Daniel

    -   Startup fair 3/7

        -   Megan is handling this, if you want to help her contact
            > startups for the startup fair, contact her for some
            > officer points and free food

        -   Megan will send out a signup sheet soon

    -   GM2 3/7

        -   We had one alumni reach out to us about talking at GM2

            -   Anna should contact him ASAP

        -   Sandwiches for food!

        -   Jessica should put the event up soon on FB

            -   Speaker TBD

    -   Capital One 3/20

        -   Its booked and CAP

    -   Blizzard 3/21

        -   Request has been sent in for Sibley

    -   Hackathon 4/14-4/15

        -   IEEE wanted to partner with us

            -   Publicize + Joint event

            -   Megan will email them to figure out things

        -   RCSA too

            -   Megan will be meeting with them tomorrow about the terms
                > of the partnership

            -   If they're not fine with working with IEEE too, our
                > preference is with IEEE

    -   Transfer Tours 5/4 11-12

        -   Right before the end of deadweek

        -   Free lunch!!!

        -   Help out transfer students by giving them tours and
            > information about Berkeley EECS

    -   Hack+?

        -   Maybe late March? Not anytime soon though

        -   We should rename this so that people are not confused on
            > what this is

    -   Socials

        -   Karaoke will be next Friday and send out an interest form
            > soon

        -   Arthur will make a private facebook event for this in
            > whatever channel he thinks is appropriate

    -   AWE mixer?

        -   Arthur will be figuring this out

    -   HKN LAN Party

        -   It happening, come to play board games/smash!

-   \+ / - / Δ

    -   Amazon 2/15

        -   \+

            -   Attendance was more than 100

            -   Amazon liked it

        -   Δ

            -   Very slight overestimate of food, but thats ok

            -   Swag wasn't properly managed and people just took it

                -   Hide it

    -   Student-faculty lunch 2/15

        -   \+

            -   "Was chill" - Anna

    -   Wayfair 2/21

        -   \+

            -   Sushi was good

            -   Turnout was OK, better than expected

            -   Great flexibility by Daniel/Anna

        -   Δ

            -   Room booking issues

            -   We were contacted very late by the company, bad timeline

-   Jobs

    -   The mailing list is fixed

    -   PB should forward job posting to the jobs mailing list

        -   Authorize it on the mail server

            -   We should centralize all the passwords\...

-   S\@B Room Booking

    -   Ray will pick up keys tomorrow, come by if you want to play
        > Melee/Smash 64/Wii U

-   Prosps.end();

    -   prosp.format();

        -   Name/Year/Major

        -   What events did you help out at

        -   Why CSUA/Officership?

        -   Quiz!

        -   Pitch

    -   Ani

        -   Freshman, Intended CS

        -   GM1, Took out trash, Amazon

        -   He didn't do many ECs in his first semester and wanted to do
            > more things, and has really gotten a feel for the sense of
            > community :)

        -   "Came for the tutoring, stayed for the mechanical
            > keyboards" - Ani 2k18

        -   Pitch

            -   Pretty good

            -   Go over account things

        -   Name every member of PB and their positions

            -   He did it!!!

    -   Nurr

        -   Senior, CS

        -   Amazon, food + photos, trash + vacuum

        -   She likes being carried in 184 :'). She wants the CS
            > department to be a nice place and wants to support people
            > in their CS related struggles

        -   Pitch

            -   Attempt 1: F-

            -   Attempt 2: Questionable

            -   We need to do another office training....

        -   Where are the forks?

            -   The back room which is officers only!

        -   Where's the fire extinguisher

            -   It's on the bookshelf

        -   Someone pays for aloe with a \$10 bill, wut do?

            -   Put bill in lockbox

            -   And give people change

    -   Jeffrey

        -   Freshman, EECS

        -   Helped out a Wayfair, Cleaned up the office

        -   Beforehand he wanted to join the CSUA to help out at events
            > and to tutor people, but now he likes us and hanging out
            > with us!

        -   Someone comes in and wants to buy a soda on venmo, wut do?

            -   Venmo account is \@BerkeleyCSUA, check price sheet for
                > prices, make sure item and officer name is on the
                > venmo note, and make sure the payment goes through

        -   Pitch

            -   Pretty good!

            -   Should go over member benefits

                -   Computers + Servers

            -   Tell them to join slack/facebook group/page

            -   And mention the event board

PB ONLY

-   Prosps

    -   We vote yes on everyone!! :)

-   Blizzard

    -   They were wondering about how to connect more with Berkeley
        > students

        -   We should also refer them to some video game specific clubs

        -   If they want CS specific things, we'd be happy to help tho!
