2/24/15 Officer Meeting Minutes

Attendance: Ana, Ryan, Michelle, Susanna, Yudong, Jessie, Chris, Robert,
Claire

Tardies: Leo

CFG

-   Pluses and Deltas

    -   Pluses:

        -   food was good!

        -   Hackerrank didn't seem to mind the low turnout

        -   lots of officers came out to help

            -   Yay officers!

    -   Deltas:

        -   Prizes were pretty lame (bluetooth speakers/shirts?)

        -   low turnout

        -   late planning

            -   contract was too late;

        -   Get more of that Garlic Pork OMG!

            -   Ryan will start making a list of catering deets

-   Microsoft CFG:

    -   going to send them a the contract early March

        -   Jessie will do it by Friday

    -   Going to be a coding challenge

STEM Day

-   Event on Pi Day (3/14/15)

-   been asked to participate

    -   probably not something that we really want to do

-   Might be good to get started with the event

-   Decided that we will try to get some more information about the
    > event

Mounza

-   Someone might need to meet with Arianna

    -   Want to discuss if/how/when we could meet Draper

-   Told us that there was a possible opportunity to meet with Tim
    > Draper?

    -   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Timothy\_C.\_Draper

    -   could be really interesting for someone who would be interested
        > with start up culture

-   Meeting at 9-12:30 or at 5:30 for tomorrow?

    -   Will try to send two people

    -   Claire will go at 5:30

Samsung Infosession (5:30 - 6:30)

-   Ryan says planning is going great?

    -   figured out food

    -   Jack will help us get foooooods

    -   seems to have a pretty good turn out on the facebook page

-   Would like to find officers to volunteer

    -   Hint-Hint!

-   Ana will send invoice for Samsung to Depak

GM \#2 (6:00 - 9:00)

-   Speaker? (6-7)

    -   Jessie found a speaker

    -   startup dude: Nikita Bier

-   Facebook event?

    -   Ana is going to make one, then make Michelle a host

        -   Be done by Thursday!

    -   do we need to make posters?

-   Foods (\$6-8 per person)

    -   Get it ordered before officer meeting next week

    -   Chipotle?

    -   LaBurrita?

    -   Zachery's?

    -   Sliver?

        -   No sliver. we do it for all the infosessions

    -   La Vaals

        -   we just had italian.

    -   Urbann Turbann

-   Sign up sheet?

    -   already done :)

LAN Party

-   Megan will talk to BluePrint and HKN

Hack ++

-   Asus wants to do a Hack ++ with us

    -   will bring ASUS swag

    -   not really an infosession/recruiting

-   Want to work with a Cal student rep we've worked with before

-   Side note: Do we want to bring back hack+?

    -   probably not; the woz was really expensive

-   Might be a good way to get new members

-   Will look for a room reservation!

Office Misc

-   Server Issues: lots of things died

    -   Had to reinstall ESXI some stuff and redeploy the VMs

    -   Collin helped fix things; had to talk to the department

-   How are we going to help fix the server?

    -   want to reduce the downtime

        -   do not want things to be down for more than a day

-   Want to start documenting all server issues

    -   make a sort of FAQ for server issues

    -   Robert will get this done by the end of the week

-   New User mail subscription

    -   the button does nothing right now

    -   No solution as of yet

        -   Robert will ask for help from Chu/Collin

        -   Want to figure this out before next week

-   Spring Budgeting

    -   Give the ASUC an estimate of our spending

-   Email Blasts

    -   Michelle will send an email blast tonight

    -   jobs and workshops

-   Leaving food in the fridge

    -   Cannot leave personal fridge in the fridge!

        -   Food will be thrown out or eaten

        -   no exceptions

    -   Hoser food can be left in the fridge

        -   should be cleaned out ASAP

-   Lounge Door?

    -   maybe will order a doorstop

    -   should ask people who are in the room to open the door if there
        > isn't group work going on

    -   NOTE: CSM doesn't need the lounge anymore
