2/3/15 CSUA Officer Meeting Minutes

Attendance

-   Tiffany/Andrew from CSM, Ana Shuler, Claire Lieu, Michelle Tian,
    > Austin Kim, Ryan Erickson, Robert Chang, Megan is Sick :(, Jessie
    > came late

CSM

-   Room??

    -   Michael Davis might be cool to reserve a room for them

    -   seems like they might be able to get some rooms on the second
        > floor

        -   TAs use it for office hours

-   Why can't they use rooms in other buildings?

    -   Can't use a big lecture hall b/c groups are too small

    -   Andrew: Don't have access

    -   Not an official student group yet -\> can officially start
        > reserving rooms on Friday, 2/6/15

    -   Will hopefully have everything sorted out by next week

-   CSUA Room

    -   Department wants to make the CSUA lounge more of an open space

        -   Keep the door open

        -   Miles and other people

    -   Cool with letting CSM use the room for 2-3 hours a day (10 AM -
        > 1 PM Daily)

    -   Claire/other CSUA people have felt that it is awkward to try and
        > use the room while CSM is in there

    -   Usage stats?

        -   Lots of people use the room in the afternoon (2pm -
            > midnight)

    -   Having CSM in here discourages the use of the space by other
        > students

    -   Claire talked to two mentors who didn't seem to understand that
        > this was an open space

-   Ideally would not take the CSUA lounge

-   \*\* Only should be for this week, and they will talk to us in the
    > future if they need something

-   Claire asked Tiffany to talk to us directly if they need anything
    > and to not go through Andrew

    -   Andrew apparently doesn't want anything to explode

-   What about room 341B?

    -   We don't know what it is used for; seems to be used by grad
        > students and they can't get access to it.

-   Suggest reserving rooms in Doe Library, Engineering Library, etc.
    > SLC also has rooms for small group study

Hack 61A?

-   we don't have a room yet; we need to wait until 61A goes over OOP

-   aiming for the week of 2/28, but on 3/1 there is a HAB hack

-   next Sat after that is Blueprint hack

-   After spring break?

    -   maybe from 3-12 AM

    -   Not a very good time.

-   Might be able to partner with HAB

-   Doesn't look like there will be a hack 61A since we can't get a room

Department Meeting (Student Leadership Meeting)

-   Claire went to the department meeting

-   Mostly talked about the HKN town hall survey

    -   used to generate responses to talk about it at faculty retreat

-   Still need to decide who will go to the faculty retreat

    -   Thursday and Friday, April 23 and 24

    -   Ryan might be able to make it

Cal Day

-   April 18th

-   Want to give tours to prospective freshman

    -   10 - 3:30 PM

-   need volunteers to give Soda Hall tours with HKN and UPE

    -   only show them 2nd/3rd floor

-   information desk in front of HP to answer questions about CS/EECS

    -   10 - 3:30 PM

    -   just be nice and answer questions

-   need to make a list of volunteers

    -   Need to send a spreadsheet to all officers/prospective officers

    -   FIX LDAP PL0X

    -   will give us a t-shirt. so come and help.

-   **No gaming in the office on Cal Day (8AM - 8 PM)**

-   Claire will be the main contact person for the event

-   will hold two panel sessions (3-4 PM); CSUA

    -   Contact Dahlia directly

    -   Ryan has volunteered as tribute

-   Claire is going to send out the volunteer list

Lecturer PSOE

-   Only need one student from every student group

-   want to get feedback on the lecturing style of the three applicants
    > for a tenure spot

    -   Want to send the same people each time so that we can get
        > consistent feedback

-   Claire went to the one for Josh Hug today

    -   talked about some of the department logistics

    -   gave a mini - mock lecture

-   Trying to decide who will go

    -   Claire can go

    -   Ryan might want to go more often

Startup Fair

-   Holding it on the 4th floor of Memorial Stadium

    -   Ryan and Claire went to go look at the rooms today

    -   can hold 50 companies; expecting 35-45

-   March 18th, 12 PM - 4 PM

    -   Setup and 9 AM, clean up at 5 PM

    -   Do not have rooms reserved yet

    -   Ana will forward the volunteer sign up sheet to
        > officers/prospective officers in a couple of weeks

-   Shirts will be \~\~PURPLE\~\~

-   CSUA is in charge of all publicity things

    -   Posters/banners/balloons, etc

-   Raffel?

    -   We had one the first time we did this

    -   How could we figure out to run this?

    -   Google form

        -   Have two people with laptops/ipads so people can sign up

    -   Prize?

        -   last time was 1 iPad

        -   we can think about this later too

-   Do we have any other contacts for companies/sponsors

    -   Jessie: talked to a start up and will ask about the startup fair

GM \#1

-   Michelle can't get facebook to cooperate -\> won't invite everyone
    > in the group

-   Megan will order food soon

-   Kara is printing flyers tomorrow

-   Megan will write on boards

-   Food requests:

    -   Pizzas

    -   Chicken Bakes

    -   Instant noodles (cup-o-noodles)

    -   Dr. Pepper

    -   Mountain Dew

    -   Energy Drinks

Event Dates

-   Hackerank will get back to us (CFG)

    -   20 or 27 of February

    -   306 Soda -\> couldn't get Woz

    -   HP will be for the beginning and the ending

        -   Coding can happen in 310 and 320

-   Microsoft Coding Competition

    -   Jessie replied; no response yet

    -   April 6

-   Microsoft Puzzle Challenge/Hack conflict

    -   CSUA hack from 4/11 - 4/12

        -   4 PM - 10 AM ??

        -   then lunch/judging

        -   could swap with alumni bbq (4/25 - 26)

    -   puzzle challenge is on 4/11 as well, 8-5 PM

    -   \*\* Will check what time the puzzle challenge ends. Will hold
        > it on the same day

-   Hack 61A

    -   Does not look like it is going to happen

-   Workshops?

    -   Want to start other workshops

    -   Advanced Vim workshop?

    -   ROOT DAY

        -   Chu/Collin needed; Robert will plan this event

        -   only open to officers

    -   Anyone who wants to help out/hold a workshop should talk to us

Office Misc

-   LDAP IS DOWN!!!!

    -   fix pl0x!!

    -   Collin is MIA; have not been able to get a hold of him

    -   Save us Collin! You're our only hope!

-   Meeting time next week?

    -   8-9 on Tuesdays

-   Put your office hours on the sheet people!

    -   GO TO THEM!
