Attendance
==========

On time: Megan, Daniel, Nerrissa, Ray, Bill, Catherine, Ray, Ani, JT,
Robert

Slightly Late: Arthur, Justin

Late: Anna

Topics
======

-   Nvidia Server Update

    -   ML\@B is helping out

    -   The server is blocked and now just configs and documentation is
        > left

    -   Mark is doing a lottaaaaa work!

    -   Robert is giving an update on \#root-staff so if people want to
        > help out they can

-   Goals this semester

    -   Flyers

        -   Jessica is working on it but we don't have times

    -   Root

        -   Robert is scraping the weekly root meetings because the
            > times are too late and inconvenient

        -   Online meetings instead

    -   Workshops

        -   Arthur has been planning when the workshops will be

        -   We're not doing machine learning anymore

        -   Yitz - LaTeX 2/19 7PM

        -   Robert - Vim 3/9 5:30PMt

        -   Arthur will talk to Barak Michener about when to schedule a
            > Kubernetes workshop

    -   Tutoring

        -   10 or so people interested in tutoring

        -   Megan will send out an email on who's sending out grades

        -   We'll update the website soon to account for tutoring

    -   Podcast

        -   Anna MIA

    -   Photos

        -   JT is going to buy a camera when there's a good deal

    -   Swag/rebranding

        -   Megan ordered the branding stuffs

        -   Options for sweg

            -   Crewneck with embroidered bear

                -   Too hot during summer?

                -   Other clubs have patagonias and that doesn't seem to
                    > be a problem for them

            -   Long sleeve tees with embroidered bear

            -   Or just a tshirt with a bear

        -   We're in a transition period where we have a new logo but
            > also have all of the old stuffs

        -   We want to be more identifiable to companies when we're
            > doing company events

        -   Unclear what people really want so we don't really know what
            > to do for now

        -   Anna will make a formal poll and put it on officers to
            > figure out what to do

        -   If no one objects order crewnecks for all officers and
            > tshirts for whoever wants them

        -   Polos as officers only whereas tshirts are for the hoser

        -   After Anna finalizes designs, we should try to get proofs,
            > and then vote because we don't really know what we're
            > getting into at the moment

        -   This should be done ASAP

-   Office rules

    -   Security camera

        -   We have one!

        -   Context : We've wanted one for multiple semesters and UCPD
            > is ok with it

        -   Now we need to figure out rules and regulations behind this

        -   Only thing we are really interested of recording is
            > fridge/money box/backroom

        -   We want to set up recording in order to prevent people from
            > stealing

        -   Even the camera being there could be a deterrent for people
            > from stealing

    -   Form

        -   We have office rules and right now it is unclear what people
            > should do if they see those rules being broken

        -   We made a form for reporting people breaking rules that will
            > be posted to \#general later tonight.

    -   People need to stop locking their computers and walking away

        -   rip memory usage

        -   People should not do this!

-   Upcoming events

    -   Amazon 2/15

        -   We have 0 details from Amazon...

        -   We're ordering food West Coast if they don't say anything

        -   We'll just put up an event on Facebook if they don't respond

    -   Student-faculty lunch 2/15 bharvey (ben)

        -   Ben can send two people to eat lunch with Brian Harvey

            -   Our faculty advisor!

            -   He's a communist!!!

            -   Respond to be on the thread in general

    -   Startup fair 3/7

        -   Megan is in charge of startup fair things

        -   We are cohosting with IEEE/HKN

    -   Wayfair

        -   They are interested in doing an info session with us

        -   They don't have a room booked

            -   There's a good chance that we can book the room as we
                > have to book through the university

        -   Anna might want to warn them about the possibility

            -   And get back to them by the end of the week

    -   Hackathon

        -   The House

            -   The house is willing to give us \$ :O!

            -   They want us to give them
                > context/date/time/headcount/partnership expectations

                -   3+ Judges

                    -   If they can't find three people we can find
                        > people to

                -   Start by asking for \$4k

                    -   Ask Sid/Eric more about what to ask for

                -   Need to figure out what benefits to tell the House

                -   Clear branding

        -   RCSA

            -   They want partnership expectations

            -   They don't know what a hackathon is...

            -   The committee is not very organized

            -   The club sounds like a cluster fuck

                -   Thanks Catherine for saving us from a grim dark
                    > future!

            -   They had \$150 to work with for food for their career
                > fair...

            -   Megan will meet with them

        -   HKN/UPE/IEEE

            -   We should reach out to them instead

                -   Also they actually have \$ and corporate sponsors...

            -   Megan will reach out to those orgs with an email tonight

    -   Hack+

        -   No one came by last time

            -   No advertisement either

        -   Not worth (\$200)

        -   We need a clear vision of what to do

        -   Also get a room that doesn't cost \$

        -   We should do a test run sometime on the weekend

            -   "Free food study party"

    -   Socials

        -   Karaoke 3/2

            -   CNY is 2/16 and MLK weekend

        -   Movie Night 2/23 9PM @ Woz

            -   Need to figure out dates with Yitz and hopefully prevent
                > overlap

        -   GM2 3/7

        -   Board Game mid/late March

        -   LAN Party

            -   Megan will contact HKN

    -   AWE/SWE mixer?

        -   We don't know what do

        -   "Do you guys have any idea of what this looks like so that
            > it doesn't look predatory" - Megan 2k18

        -   Book Woz and eat food

        -   "I'll email one of them and when they inevitably decline us,
            > I'll email the other one" - Megan 2k18

        -   Themes

            -   Tea party

    -   Kickback?

        -   We need NON CSUA AFFILIATED shots

-   Create \#jobs and just forward job opportunity emails directly to
    > jobs@

    -   We're gonna make a slack channel about jobs and stuff

-   S\@B Room Booking

    -   We're gonna book a room

PB ONLY
=======

-   Root Org

    -   Should root be somewhere people can learn or a place where
        > people do productive work

    -   Tech meetings fell through so ???

    -   Robert feels like these decisions not working are because his
        > ideas have gone awry

    -   It's not on Robert to predict what people want, he should gather
        > information on what to do

    -   Ideas for keeping people engaged?

        -   Add people to slack

-   Tutor

    -   Need to have a system to vet tutors who are not officers

    -   Prospship for tutors

        -   2 week trial period?

    -   Have the tutor showcase a lesson plan in front of Megan to make
        > sure people are good people

        -   Vetting process

    -   Have them just tutor at the same time as another office hour

    -   Same expectations as of officers

-   Rules

    -   Megan will make a post to publicize

    -   We aren't trying to make people feel as though they're being
        > policed

-   Arthur

    -   He's taking the semester off of school

    -   Not technically a student

    -   We're all fine with him being on PB

-   Big Picture/Vision

    -   Megan's doing a great job!

    -   We have different visions for what CSUA should be

    -   Officership not rewarding enough?

    -   Mentorship program, good way to get people attached to CSUA

    -   Root staff

    -   Indrel staff

    -   Too much work is put onto PB

        -   Offloading work onto others?

            -   Internal team

            -   Communication is necessary with staff, expectation must
                > be understood, and the PB member should give guidance

    -   Metrics to see success of root/indrel staffs

        -   Shoutouts?

    -   People are motivated if they think their work is worthwhile

        -   Give recognition

    -   If there are cool ideas, implement + ask megan for support
