Attendance
==========

-   On time: Megan, Robert, Benji, Daniel, Ben Wu, Nithin, Justin, Ray,
    > Ani, Arthur

-   Slightly Late: Starr

-   An hour late: Mark

Topics
======

-   ASUC

    -   Rest Zones

        -   80000 dollar budget for rest zones

            -   Massage chairs/Sleeping things

            -   Soda hall was the \#1 area for places for rest zones

            -   They're here looking input on the rest zones

            -   Suggested spaces

                -   Wooden section of the 4th floor Alcoves

                -   6th floor, staircase underneath the 7th floor

                -   341A

    -   ASUC Things

        -   ASUC acquired Berkeleytime

            -   Student developers

        -   New course scheduler that is coming out soon

            -   Hopefully the migration won't break everything

        -   Annnndddd people pitching why we should vote for them for
            > ASUC

        -   

-   Goals this semester

    -   Flyers

        -   Jessica not here

        -   Megan will PM

    -   Root

        -   Starr did calendar things!! Yay

        -   Latte is down because they are AC issues :(

        -   Soda is also down, come to Robert if you want to set up the
            > VM!

    -   Workshops

        -   LaTeX happened, 6/7 people :(

        -   We should push vim very soon, Robert will do it and mark the
            > spam sheet

        -   Robert try to do screen capture

        -   Arthur is working with Barak Michener for the Kubernetes
            > workshop

    -   Tutoring

        -   The calendar is good!

        -   Megan will make a general facebook post later this week

        -   Jessica will send a notice on the newsletter

    -   Podcast

        -   Jason is taking this project over

            -   Anna is very overworked :(

        -   Join the slack channel if you want to help out!

    -   Photos

        -   JT posted a camera that we could've bought a while ago but
            > it disappeared and we have no camera :(

        -   We have can use Robert's polaroid still though

            -   Robert should order the film

    -   Swag/rebranding

        -   Anna/Megan are very busy so this has gone on for a loooong
            > time...

        -   Probably not the best idea to only have two people who are
            > super busy working on swag, but we need to get this
            > finalized ASAP

        -   Megan will adjust the designs and make a post on officers
            > tonight

    -   BEA

        -   They're snakes

            -   "Teambonding exercises"

            -   Didn't have minutes and haven't responded in 10 days

-   Upcoming Events

    -   Karaoke 3/2

        -   Tomorrow 8:30-9:30 PM

            -   Come it will be super fun!!

    -   LAN party 3/5

        -   With HKN in 540 Cory

        -   Megan is going to email the department on wired internet
            > there

        -   We're gonna try to bring DDR!

    -   C3 IoT (canceled)

        -   F

    -   Startup fair 3/7

        -   Megan will give 2x points for helping in the morning so come
            > and never help for the rest of the semester!

        -   FREE SHIRT! AND LUNCH

        -   Git a job

        -   Volunteer pls

    -   GM2 3/7

        -   We're inviting a panel of alumni

        -   Arthur is in charge of doing this

            -   Arthur should look for alumni through the mailing list,
                > facebook, and IRC(Ask JT about this)

        -   Board games afterwards

        -   Sandwiches for food

    -   Capital One 3/20

        -   Don't need to worry

    -   Blizzard 3/21

        -   Don't need to worry

    -   Hackathon 4/14-4/15

        -   Megan is going to say no to RCSA

            -   They wanted a hackathon/case study thing for business
                > people..?

            -   Screw dis \>:( We have \$ already

            -   They also want a 24 hour hackathon so not worth

        -   We working with IEEE hopefully!!

            -   Megan will meet with people

    -   Socials

        -   Karaoke, AWE Mixer March/April(4/4 tentatively)

        -   Arthur is starting retreat planning so fill out the interest
            > form!

        -   If you can drive/have a car please help!

        -   Outside of Berkeley Social

            -   Ice Skating?

            -   Fun things!

        -   Arthur wants to do a "mixer" with CS orgs next semester

            -   This could be interesting

    -   AWE mixer

        -   Arthur will meet with them tomorrow morning

-   \+ / - / Δ

    -   Latex

        -   \+

            -   Really good presentation

            -   People were engaged!

        -   Δ

            -   Should've done it earlier, low turnout

                -   6-7 People
