4/14/15 Meeting Minutes

Attendance: Jeremy, Ana, Ryan, Claire, Tech Chang, Susana, Jason, Austin

Lateeeeee: Megan

Hackathon +/Deltas

-   +/Delta

    -   Pluses

        -   Pretty good turnout

        -   good on the food aspect

        -   we had good officer help

        -   really cool projects!

        -   a lot of the attendees were satisfied

        -   got 3 judges from industry

        -   lots of sponsors

        -   Some more people turned up after dinner

    -   Deltas

        -   Should start Friday instead?

        -   maybe do a little bit better with publicity/facebook spam

        -   no one was able to make it to 61c to make a class
            > announcement

        -   email blast for hack

        -   announce to really popular upper div classes?

        -   wanted something more for 3AM snacks

            -   not sure if this was b/c of volume or variety

        -   lead a workshop?

        -   STICKERS!

CalDay (4/18)

-   Meet in front of HP if you're signed up to help!

-   NO GAMING! 8AM - 8PM

    -   Super important!

    -   No streaming/No Anime!

    -   Board games are okay

-   Clean the office Friday

-   Make a sign

LAN Party (4/24)

-   check that wired airbears works

    -   Megan/Tech Chang will check tomorrow

    -   should check to make sure that no one is using the Woz

-   Tech Chang needs to make sure the switch works

    -   Find the power supply!

-   Office cleaning!

    -   while all the computers and stuff are out

-   Make a list of things that are being taken to the event and log the
    > equipment taken

-   Megan will make a sign up sheet and send it out

-   Tech-Chang needs to check to make sure that Pnunez works on all
    > computers

-   We won't have Blueprint

    -   HKN should bring snacks

        -   snack list: (cold) drinks, more chips, cookies,

Alumni BBQ (4/25)

-   Megan sent out the volunteer list today

-   buy list in the folder

    -   Claire will go to costco and get all the things

-   No gaming from 12-2

    -   go meet some of the alumni

-   Icebreaker?

    -   no, it'll probably be okay

-   two volunteers need to show up at 11:15 to help Jeremy cook

GM 3 (5/1)

-   Food?

-   Any amendments to the constitution?

-   Michelle needs to post/spam facebook events

-   Any officers that want to run for PB should talk to current PB
    > members

Office Misc

-   Restock

    -   Ana might go this weekend

    -   Can go next Tuesday

-   New Officer

-   Tech Stuff

    -   Check that the switch is working

    -   make sure that wired airbears in the Woz works as expected

    -   make sure that the Pnunez accounts work on all Windows
        > partitions

    -   make sure that Pnunez works on Linux

        -   All by Saturday!!

-   T-shirts?

    -   do we want to give them out at events?

    -   do we want to give them to officers?

-   Food Lists/Buy Lists

    -   make sure that we take notes on everything that we buy for
        > events.

ACTION ITEMS

Ana

-   Office cleaning on Friday

-   send out email reminding officers to talk with current PB about PB

Claire

-   Return the un-used hack prizes

-   send out the alumni email and post in IRC

Robert

-   check that Pnunez works on all the computers

-   check that the switch works

-   check that the wired airbears works as expected

Megan

-   Get Woz access for

-   food for GM 3

-   make/send out a sign up sheet for LAN party

Michelle

-   send out email blast/spam facebook groups for GM 3
