Attendance: Robert, Claire, Ana, Michelle, Jessie, Ryan, Youdong,
Jeremy, Megan

Lateylates: Eranda, Leo, Austino, Sanath

UPE BBQ:

-   Pluses/Deltas

    -   Pluses:

        -   Lots of people showed up

        -   UPE brought a lot of candidates

        -   Good officer helpers

    -   Deltas:

        -   BBQ is hard, lol. Have people who know how to light grill

        -   Start grilling a little bit earlier

        -   didn't buy enough food

        -   the two student groups didn't really mingle too much

            -   maybe because there were so man UPE people

        -   Any sort of icebreaker we could do?

Microsoft CFG:

-   Pluses/Deltas

    -   Pluses:

        -   Lots of people - good turnout!

            -   a good number of people stayed to the end (30 people)

        -   lots of people won prizes (3-way tie for 3rd, 1 for 2nd, 1
            > for 1st)

        -   Good help from the officers

            -   clean up went smoothly

            -   people mostly cleaned up after themselves

    -   Deltas:

        -   There could have been more food (+3 more pizzas)

        -   Make sure that we have more power strips

Hackathon:

-   Judges

    -   Edison has confirmed from Microsoft

    -   Meraki is going to send 2 people

        -   Jessie will double check

        -   Find out what they want us to provide (lunch, beverages,
            > etc)

        -   Ryan has 3 parking spots for judges

-   Food:

    -   Buy list? yes

    -   Ryan is ready to order things

        -   will do Wednesday Morning

        -   Aiming for about 100 people right now

    -   Midnight sushi?

        -   would like to do it.

        -   Ryan will check how much it will cost

    -   Estimated total (w/out sushi) is \$1572

        -   Dinner, snack, 3 AM snack, brunch

    -   Ana/Ryan will send out the hackathon signup sheet again

-   Wifi issues?

    -   we don't seem to be able to do anything about the slowness

    -   tell the department not to kill the airbears if the load is too
        > big

    -   Tech Chang will talk to Iris about airbears

-   Class Announcements:

    -   Ryan and Megan are going to do class announcements

    -   Denaro said okay: 61A at 2 PM in Wheeler

    -   Hug hasn't responded: 2PM in 1 Pimentel 3 PM in Wheeler

    -   61C: 3:30 in Pimentel

    -   Michelle will spam Piazza

        -   do we want to make piazza posts in upper divisions?

            -   Up to Michelle

            -   Check with Kara

CalDay:

-   

<!-- -->

-   Tshirts are here and in the back for people who have signed up

-   Will have Soda tours and help desk

    -   If interested, come to the office (10AM to 6 PM)

GM \#3:

-   May 1, 2015

<!-- -->

-   We need to send out an email to the members

    -   need 2 weeks in advance to change the constitution

-   Create a FB event tonight

-   Send the email for GM3 soon!

    -   send to all of the members

-   Megan can start planning

    -   turnout is generally pretty low because of elections

Alumni BBQ:

-   4/25

-   Internal event

-   Megan will create a buy list

    -   aim for 35-40 people

    -   make sure that we have everything

    -   make sure we have someone who knows how to use the grill

        -   Jeremy!

-   Megan will send out a volunteer list

-   Claire will remind the Alumni via email

LAN Party

-   Megan emailed the different groups, just haven't gotten a response

-   is there a way to get more blueprint members?

    -   some people are worried about turnout

    -   CSUA and HKN had lots of people coming out

-   Megan looked into wired airbears

    -   emailed and waiting for a response

Intersocietal Meeting:

-   Claire and Michelle talked to other student groups

-   Tshirt drive:

    -   collect tech Tshirts from people who don't want them

    -   do something with time (donate, etc)

    -   would like to coordinate between all of the student groups

-   Get non-CS hacking:

    -   put on workshops for non-majors

    -   also aligns with department interest to create a non-major CS
        > course

-   Winter Formal

    -   want to make it for all student orgs

Office Misc:

-   Root Day:

    -   Thursday 10-12, 380 Soda

    -   Anyone interested in Root stuff should attend

    -   Show up if you signed up!

-   Tshirts:

    -   do we still want to sell them?

    -   want hackathon volunteers to wear them

        -   give to the volunteers for free

-   Keyboard

    -   can we stop using the nice keyboard?

ACTION ITEMS

Jessie:

-   double check with Meraki with judges for the hackathon

Ryan:

-   Order food Wednesday Morning

-   Make Hackathon class announcement

-   Figure out how much money that Sushi will cost

-   Send out officer sign up sheet again

Megan:

-   Make class announcement for the Hack

-   make a buy list for the alumni BBQ

-   Make a volunteer list for the Alumni BBQ

Michelle:

-   Spam Pizza/Facebook about the Hackathon tonight

-   check with Kara to see if we have done upper division courses in the
    > past

-   Make a Facebook event for GM3

-   Send out an email to all members about amending constitution, etc.

Claire:

-   remind the Alumni about the BBQ

Ana:

-   Send out the hackathon sign up sheet to officers via facebook

Tech Chang:

-   Talk to Iris about the airbears for hackathon

-   Make sure Pnunez works on all of the computers
