Tahoe PB Retreat! 8/21

Meeting Minutes

-   Welcome BBQ 8/27 12-4

    -   Flyer/facebook/announce, Julie

        -   Flyer done; not printed.

        -   Announcements/Event made on Facebook.

        -   Class announcements should be made

        -   CS 61A/B/70, Math 54, EECS 16A

            -   54 might hit too wide of an audience. Yes/no?

                -   CSUA = interest in cs so sure.

    -   Food/Room/Key/Signup/Grill, Neil

        -   Jeremy volunteered for grilling

        -   \+ Sid

        -   Key, access will be handled

-   Calapalooza 8/31 2-7PM

    -   Signup, Neil

    -   Always have multiple people at the table. At least 2 people
        > there every hour.

    -   Business cards + Stickers

-   Microsoft infosession CAP 9/2 5-8pm

    -   Flyer/facebook, Julie

        -   Flyers have been sent to Julie. Location edits, then print

        -   Event should be up soon

    -   Food/Room/Key/Signup, Barak

        -   There are food options at CSUA -\> Politburo General
            > Knowledge -\> Events

        -   Room has already been picked (Woz). Room access still needs
            > to be gotten.

-   EMC tech talk 9/6 6-8 PM

    -   Flyer/facebook, Julie

        -   Event should be up ASAP

    -   Food/Room/Key/Signup, Barak

        -   Already booked, through Sibley

            -   No food allowed in Sibley.

            -   Garbarini for food.

-   Micron tabling 9/6? \@Sid

    -   Flyer? Julie

        -   If Sid prompted them and they don't say anything, it's not
            > our problem.

    -   Cookies? \@Barak

-   Riot Games infosession? Tech talk? 9/7 5-9 pm

    -   Flyer/facebook, Julie

        -   Again, event very soon

        -   CAP doesnt matter as long as they are not in Soda or Cory

        -   \@Barak what is the update on rooms (Sid)?

    -   Room/Key/Signup, Barak

        -   Hopefully Sibley, but we haven't secured a room yet.

    -   \@Sid What is the relationship between Riot and Career Center?

-   Dropbox tech talk 9/9 5-7pm

    -   Flyer/facebook, Julie

        -   More spam to FB!

    -   Food/Room/Key/Signup, Barak

        -   Sibley

-   Micron infosession 9/9 ? pm

    -   Flyer/facebook, Julie

        -   And even more spam....

    -   Time? Sid (look below)

    -   Food/Room/Key/Signup, Barak

        -   Woz

        -   No food.

-   GM1 9/9 8-11 PM

    -   GM 1 should be rescheduled, as it's our most flexible event.

        -   Earliest sensible time is 9/20, 8PM.

        -   That's rather late. GM 2 is 10/20.

        -   

    -   Flyer/facebook/announce, Julie

    -   Food/Room/Key/Signup, Neil

        -   Woz.

    -   The fact that the GM is on the same day as Micron and Dropbox
        > will probably lower GM attendnace.

        -   Micron will have Woz. Dropbox is in Sibley.

        -   The people we want attending GM are mostly people on
            > southside (then also Foothill.)

            -   So people attending Dropbox in Sibley then walking over
                > to GM in Woz is less than we'd like

        -   Idea: GM 1 will be rescheduled.

            -   Full vote for reschedule to 9/20 (except Sid)

-   Issues with booking Sibley.

    -   We should probably go in person in the future to ask about this
        > because there's so much ambiguous stuff.

    -   If we don't ask about our lack of a guard though, they might
        > decline it right when we get the key, so we really should ask
        > now.

    -   Sibley is a clusterfuck.

    -   

-   Vim workshop rescheduling

    -   Our booking was canceled.

    -   We can reschedule or just not do it.

    -   Workshops in priority are: Unix, LaTeX, then lastly Vim.

-   Pinterest: 9/15.

    -   \@Barak for external event.

-   Misc:

    -   Updating photo on csua website

        -   Yes pls.

        -   Take a picture tomorrow!!!

            -   (optional photoshop sid??)

            -   Yes photoshop Sid in (Sid votes yes!)

    -   Update sponsors on our website. Section for sponsors this sem

    -   Fall 2016 events

    -   Update officer page

        -   Old officers will be phased out on the first day of classes.

    -   Update barak as pb on csua website

        -   \@Caleb

    -   Signatory orientation

        -   [[http://lead.berkeley.edu/news/rso-registration/]{.underline}](http://lead.berkeley.edu/news/rso-registration/)

        -   At least two signatories must attend. Yitz will be one,
            > Megan will be another.

            -   Barak Caleb, Neil, Megan, Yitz got approved.

    -   Feedback form, update officer board, door code, Yitz

    -   Jobs mailing list, Julie

        -   Send it out first week of school

        -   Go through whatever blurbs we have and send it out!

            -   jobs-mailing\@csua??? Confirm pls.

-   Server/new computers/wipes

    -   Email people \@Megan

    -   New computer part check should be on its way (y)

-   Discussion:

    -   Officer involvement/points/retreat

        -   We want more officer involvement. Because we're doing a lot
            > more shit and we need to hold our officers to higher
            > standards.

        -   There's currently nothing to make an officer want to do
            > something.

            -   "Wow, we really can't get our officers to do anything!"

            -   So we need a way to track officers so that
                > well-performing officers will go on a trip.

        -   Two-fold solution to the problem of officer
            > responsibilities:

            -   Incentivizing officer participation.

            -   Punishing inaction by removing officership

        -   Bare minimum to make an officer stay as an officer.

            -   Hit a higher amount to go on the retreat.

            -   3/month point thing?

        -   If you don't hit the minimum and have a legitimate reason,
            > contact Neil.

        -   Taking out trash (take a selfie of the trash you're taking
            > out), helping unload/drive/anything for a Costco run,
            > volunteering for an event, +1 point!

        -   \@Neil, update the point document and make it public to
            > officers.

    -   Curtain on door? Image of our club?

        -   We're not allowed to.

        -   We shouldn't be hiding what we're doing, actually.

        -   Set up a banner so that when you look into the door, you can
            > see exactly what we are! CSUA!

        -   We don't want the people who just "look in and move on" - we
            > want the people who "look in and actually try to see what
            > we do"

        -   People (officers) aren't paying attention to the door when
            > they game.

        -   Put up the upcoming events on the door.

            -   \@Julie: Keep them up to date

            -   So now, we have flyers on the door and people see those
                > first and not the computers first.

            -   Solution = show that we're doing things besides gaming.

-   Digital signboard is ready to go!

-   Officer vote on Robert Chang?

    -   Yes!

-   Satish Rao

    -   Against the school, in support of the department.

    -   Megan will meet with Satish

        -   \+ Anyone who wants to go

    -   Satish is asking for us to act on behalf of the department.

-   In previous semesters, we've given past alumni a lot of power. I.e.
    > officership.

    -   Rather unfair to not give them anything, even if they want to
        > help.

    -   Sure, not all alumni should be accepted as officers...

        -   But maybe we should consider doing something for them.

    -   The requirement of 3 points per month will cut out certain
        > alumni that can't show up as much.

        -   But perhaps if they manage to be able to do 3 points a month
            > (and hold office hours and etc), they can stay as an
            > officer.

    -   Other solution: Only give Jeff the door code. No other alumni
        > get it and he doesn't get other officer perks.

    -   Another option: Invite him to join us on the retreat.

    -   Some criteria for alumni being given access to the office.

    -   *Alumni Team*! Or *Hoser*! Or something else!!!

-   Past members are upset about changes we're making.

    -   We're literally re-building the CSUA.

![Screen Shot 2016-08-21 at 6.40.12 PM.png](media/image2.png)

-   \@Megan: Contact Meraiki. They're not responding.

-   We need to book Dwinelle, bc career center isnt responding.
