9/13/16 Meeting Agenda

Attendants: Matt, Stephanie, Ashley, Ryan, Julie, Jason, Victor, Robert
(not chang), Yitz, Neil, Megan, Michelle, JC, Kevin, Barak, Austin

Really really really really late: Sherry

Couldn't make it to the meeting but have feedback? Submit it through our
anonymous feedback form:
[[bit.ly/CSUA\_feedback]{.underline}](http://bit.ly/CSUA_feedback)

-   Riot Tech talk +/Δ

    -   Plus!

        -   The talk was nice!

        -   Very student orientated, selfless.

        -   The speaker was cool!

    -   Delta!

        -   They weren't happy with the room :c

            -   Too hot.

        -   They want food/refreshments!

    -   We should overestimate attendance instead, so we get a better
        > room.

        -   We've been historically underestimating....

-   Dropbox Tech Talk +/Δ

    -   Plus!

        -   Some people liked the speaker?

        -   Sibley was nice!

        -   Their water bottle was nice!

    -   Delta!

        -   Some people didn't like the speaker?

        -   We had to get Garbarini :c

        -   Not enough food.

-   GM \#1 +/Δ

    -   Plus!

        -   People liked the food!

        -   The manager for Lotus House is great!

        -   Attendance was good!

        -   Good presentation!

    -   Delta!

        -   Presentation was slightly rushed... That's not that bad.

        -   When we do open food, they should take a stack of two plates
            > (or get stronger plates).

-   State farm tech talk +/Δ

    -   Plus!

        -   The speaker was really nice!

        -   State Farm was satisfied with the people who came and stayed
            > late

    -   Delta!

        -   Barely anybody was there.

            -   Part of this is because of the coinciding events :c

        -   Location was poor :(

            -   Space was cramped :( too many tables.

            -   Avoid stephens!

-   Goldman Sachs Coding Challenge +/Δ

    -   Plus!

        -   Pretty good! The turnout was just right; filled exactly one
            > classroom.

        -   The food is nice!

    -   Delta!

        -   Should figure out how electronics work before the event.

        -   The room got stuffy.

    -   We should call the term sheet an "agreement" instead of a
        > "contract"\...

-   We have an issue with just scheduling events whenever....

    -   We have to schedule them carefully :( and hopefully nothing else
        > overlaps.

    -   Potentially we should coordinate.

    -   We should not agree to events until we \*book\* the room.

    -   Though our main goal was just to see how many companies we could
        > get!

        -   Sid knows how to do stuff now!

        -   We're just balancing from last few years.

-   Turn the Tables fair

    -   It went well! Megan talked to a lot of companies. Got a lot of
        > interest.

-   Pinterest cancellation

    -   Cancel Sibley; need to send them an invoice for a cancellation
        > fee.

-   EECS townhall 9/14 8:30-10 PM HP

    -   Event is on FB! It's about the EECS department.

-   Unix Workshop 9/16, 6-8 PM, HP

    -   Caleb's event!

-   LaTeX workshop 9/23, 6-8 PM, HP

    -   Caleb's and Yitz's event!

-   6Sense 9/23 ?

    -   Tech talk! It's the same day as LaTeX.... siiid....

-   Yuan Buy 9/30

-   Workday 10/3 CAP

-   GM2 10/28 Niantic!

    -   Niantic!!!

    -   Pokemon!!!!!!

    -   Having them as our GM 2 speaker would be interesting. And hype.

-   Startup fair 11/4

    -   Weekly meetings every Sunday @ 2pm.

    -   Publicizing, shirts, etc.

    -   Help megan with photoshop :(

-   Misc:

    -   Meraki going with SWE?

        -   It's really entertaining. Wat.

    -   Newuser bug

        -   It exists. What do.

    -   Refunds/advance check situation

        -   ASUC :(

        -   Berkeley is just *hella* slow these days.

    -   Make-up State Farm info?

        -   It's not really our responsibility to do make-up events..

        -   We don't really have to sell ourselves to a company\...

    -   Weekly newmembers email

        -   There needs to be an easy way to unsubscribe.

            -   We need that unsubscribe button!

        -   We're the first PB to actually remove people from this list!

        -   How do we publicize events more?

            -   Twitter? Naaahh.

            -   Facebook? (y)

            -   Our website? (A lot of freshmen look at our website)

    -   Resume book

        -   All of our members can submit resumes! That'd be hella
            > resumes.

        -   Should we do it?

            -   Make it a dropbox of resumes?

            -   Reserve a folder of resumes on the server?

    -   Office cleaning/general messiness

        -   People are leaving a ton of trash :(

        -   Victor's been crushing cans! You can do it too!

        -   *Don't put trash in the recycling bins.*

        -   *Don't put cans full of liquid into the recycling bins.*

        -   Keep an eye out for people being messy :(

        -   Close the back door! Close the money box door!

        -   Office cleanings!

            -   \*before\* every other pb meeting?

            -   Or maybe after?

        -   Regarding officers...

            -   Check your points!!!

            -   You may be booted off :(

    -   Recording tech talks/infosession?

        -   Should we record them?

            -   Lots ofpeople have asked for this!

        -   We don't want things too complex.

        -   Let's post presentations on FB!

    -   Perks of officership

        -   PB Only.

    -   Jobs mailing

        -   Going to be sent out by the end of this week!

    -   Charlene on website

        -   Caleb! Put her on the website (new adviser)

    -   CS scholars 9/20 9/22 4-6 PM

        -   This is after everyone has their CS61A midterm :(

        -   We tell people it's okay!

        -   It's a good reminder that they have resources.

        -   Anyone free to make it?

            -   Caleb can hopefully make Tuesday; Megan will try to make
                > Thursday.

    -   We need more shirts.

        -   We like our shirt :D we need more of them!

    -   And more chairs!

    -   Socials

        -   We need more socials :(

        -   More socials! More socials!

        -   No social for the next two weeks. This is around when the
            > first midterms come around.

        -   Aiming for \*after\* the first set of midterms!

            -   Bowling party!!!!

            -   Chill socials!

            -   No ice cream? It's getting cold..

            -   Hot chocolate and coffee socials!

-   Officer Applications

    -   Stephanie Ruiz

        -   3rd year, Cog Sci, Public Health!

        -   I haven't helped out at any events yet :(

        -   I've been to events before, and I've always been welcomed
            > and it's a nice community! And I want to be part of it

        -   Finding Dory + John Denero (because he's like a teddy bear)

    -   Ashley Chien

        -   First year, intended CS + Stats

        -   Helped at nothing :(

        -   CS is cool and there's a lot of events so it'd be cool to
            > plan those and help out with that c:

    -   Ryan Lee

        -   3rd year CS/CogSci

        -   Helped at a few events last year, startup fair, tech talk,
            > etc

        -   I've been to events but I haven't really done anything; I
            > want to get more involved!

        -   Nick Weaver + some movie..

    -   Victor Ye

        -   Between 2nd and 3rd, CS intended!

        -   I haven't been keeping track of events but I did help out
            > with some foods! Like Microsoft for food, and directed
            > people to the Goldman Sachs event.

        -   CSUA is the only club of its kind! There's not really any
            > other club like this. We're casual; fits with our
            > schedule. I like the resources this club provides for all
            > of Berkeley and I want to help out with a club that has
            > helped me so much.

        -   Hilfinger -\> Don't Breathe

-   PB Only

    -   Yes to all four prosps!

    -   Jason is still on our mailing list. Shadowing for PB + indrel.

        -   Sid found out about things lying to us; talking to HKN about
            > things that he shouldn't have been talking about.

        -   Sid's no longer comfortable with Jason shadowing.

            -   Then again, there's nothing too *dangerous* about other
                > clubs knowing what's happening with us.

        -   But if Sid feels uncomfortable about this, then this is a
            > pretty big issue.

        -   We should talk to Sid about this.

    -   Barak - we don't want to overwork you!

        -   If you don't have enough money, it's okay, ask Megan or
            > Yitz.

        -   If you're overworked then let Neil help out too!

    -   Officers Perks

        -   Everytime Neil explains officership to a new member, the
            > "perks" feel like nothing..

        -   Megan has two ideas:

            -   As an officer, you get to setup/teardown, which means
                > you get to talk with companies and recruiters!

            -   If you have nothing else on your resume, having
                > involvement in a reputable club is useful!

        -   Allen, Julie, Neil do good jobs of giving spiels :D

        -   

Megan: Email/reach out to the companies.

Yitz: Make a slideshow / budget sheet

Caleb: Get key for HP this friday. And the LaTeX one.
