Meeting started at 8:09

People in attendance: Jessica Pan, Josh Hawn, Mary Stufflebeam, Sam
Dove, Zach Bush, Rodney Folz, Ian Sarmiento, Andy Toulouse

We will have a new meeting time: Monday @ 9PM (July 2)

1.  Organizational Things

    a.  People are using Asana (it helps people keep track of things
        > that they say that they are going to do)

    b.  Tag versus projects

        i.  We need to change this, a person is more than welcome to
            > reorganize it as need be

    c.  Tweaking Asana: Deadlines. Do you assign them yourself or
        > assignee does? always next pb meeting or no?

        ii. Jessica will be the one assigning deadlines after excomm
            > meeting

    d.  Tweaking Asana: Adding Actions. Should each person add their own
        > action items to asana so they know they're there, or should 1
        > person add them. what makes you feel more comfortable?

        iii. Jessica will do this one too

2.  Events

    e.  New event ideas: ace cs classes workshops, land that job
        > interview workshops\-- formal ways to distribute our knowledge

        iv. So a way to share our knowledge We can hold workshops like
            > that to boost people's confidence

        v.  So this is something that we want to do but we won't do
            > anything about it just yet

        vi. Treat by event by event basis

    f.  Startup fair

        vii. representative: Jessica, Mary, (someone else)

    g.  Amusement Park Tix and Planning

        viii. So 6/30 \$50 for a season pass and fast lane for 1 day

    h.  Computer Science Groups Calapalooza thing

        ix. ???????

        x.  Have we heard back from other clubs?

        xi. Tabled if/when we hear back from other clubs

    i.  Joint frisbee with H\@B

        xii. Rodney will be planning it

        xiii. August 17th (24th)

        xiv. We need to fill out a food form, large events form, serving
            > pizza and soda

        xv. Sam will get a large standing banner

    j.  Ness

        xvi. Talked to

        xvii. Agreed to sponsor hack nights for \$1000 for 6 nights

    k.  EA

        xviii.  sent him 2 games

        xix. just go ahead and not have the events

3.  Build-a-bear logo creation

    l.  We picked something, we would be able to see it

4.  Study lounge's accent wall- choose a color

    m.  Teal it is then

5.  Announce emails \-- Are they being sent out? Who is approving them?

    n.  Emails can go out only with official emails

6.  jobs postings \-- why are there none?

    o.  This will deal with this later

7.  csua account creating during summer \--who's around?

    p.  Josh and Zach will create a system

        xx. [[http://soda.csua.berkeley.edu:8080/accountant/login]{.underline}](http://soda.csua.berkeley.edu:8080/accountant/login)
            > (if it's running)

    q.  1 week deadline

    r.  Get rid of the questions

        xxi. Content mary will do

        xxii. 2 week deadline till next politburo meeting

8.  Officers

    s.  Door code will change August 16th

    t.  Jessica will be doing this
