11.20.2013

1.  voting procedure for GM\#3

    a.  as people walk in room, log into soda?

    b.  honor code?

    c.  food

2.  paintball

    d.  drivers

    e.  reservation!?

3.  grad student panel dinner

    f.  Thursday, Nov. 21, 6 PM, Zatar Restaurant

    g.  7 people: three panelists, Hina, Rahul, Collin, Sarah

    h.  Sarah will make reservation as soon as she gets the okay from PB
        > (especially Secretary/Treasurer).

    i.  Payment: We are definitely paying for the panelists, but what
        > about the four officers going? (I don't mind paying myself if
        > Sherry thinks that is best. \-- Sarah)

11.13.2013

1.  GM\#3!

    a.  Need to advertise 2 weeks before (Advertising: No posters, no
        > piazza, no facebook outside of affiliated groups, just email)

    b.  Rahul will be the MC of Elections!! Wooot

    c.  People need to be more informed::: email include positions,
        > current holders of office, etc.

2.  Costco Runs - \$5 reimbursement?

    d.  Paul says that's more reasonable than \$10

3.  Grad Student Panel

    e.  Jeff got the food covered (Chinese)

    f.  More advertising?? (I think we're fine. \-- Sarah)

    g.  Change in panelist: Linda Lee → Rebecca Roelofs (equally cool;
        > math focus)

    h.  Dinner will be on separate day (specified as non-Euclid food)

    i.  Do we need microphones? I think they might be nice, but not
        > necessary if too difficult.

    j.  Sarah is not at the meeting, so can someone please let her know
        > what happens with point e?

4.  Paintball!

    k.  Tuesday 11/19 ESC Meeting

    l.  Please someone go

5.  Hack+

    m.  Happening Thxgiving weekend? meh.

6.  Dropbox Folder for CSUA

    n.  hina just went through a mass organization of CSUA folder on
        > Dropbox. Should pass it on before she dies.

    o.  Link?

7.  Wat else?

    p.  more social events?

    q.  What's going on with Slush!?? Hackathon cash Hinaaaaa (I think
        > it's about 700\$)

11.06.2013

1.  SendGrid (potential Hack++)

2.  Verizon corporate sponsorship package

3.  LAN Party with HKN Friday

4.  Grad Student Panel 11/15

5.  ABA 11/12

6.  Costco Run

10.30.2013

1.  Just an idea for officers: Hina will get notification when new
    > application added. People can do the same individually on the
    > google form. Next week, decide on Claire?

2.  Meraki CFG

    a.  who is hosting

    b.  food?

    c.  advertise

    d.  Cardkey

3.  GM \#2

    e.  Speaker?

    f.  Just make it super chill?

    g.  it is 11/11- veterans day

4.  CSUA Website

    h.  sarah's done with pb, now officers

    i.  Make-up photoshoot on Sunday, Nov. 3 (sign up on when2meet so
        > that we don't waste Maaj's time; be there or be lamesauce!)

5.  Grad Student Panel

6.  ABA Event

7.  Reimbursements: I went and picked them up

8.  Root Day Confirmed: November 9th from 12-2ish.

9.  HKN Lan Party- go speak with HKN? (11/8)

10. CSUA Legends?

10.23.2013

1.  Officer Approval: Claire Liu?

2.  Hackathon +deltas

    a.  \$\$ stuffs\-- count other costco runs?

3.  Meraki Coding For Grub: what's happening?

    b.  contact with company rep

    c.  food

    d.  organization/prizes

4.  GM\#2

5.  Grad School Panel (Friday, Nov. 15)

    e.  Three confirmed panelists:

        i.  Linda Lee (EE, Ph.D) - Signal Analysis, Factory Process
            > Optimization (Machine Learning)

        ii. Eric Tzeng (CS, Ph.D) - Computer Vision

        iii. Dan Tsai (School of Information, M.S.) - Human-Computer
            > Interaction, UX Development

    f.  Do any of you know more grad students? Preferably, in their
        > third+ year? One or two more would be nice.

    g.  Are we providing dinner for them at some restaurant or just
        > gifts?

6.  Root Day

    h.  Brandon needs to redo his Doodle responses because he only
        > marked himself available on two days out of the whole
        > semester.

7.  Halloween Social - this weekend

    i.  DEBATE

8.  CSUA Website Overhaul

    j.  I need high-quality officer pictures (happy, funny) and
        > website/GitHub links!

    k.  Send them to sarahjkim\@berkeley.edu.

10.15.2013

-   Officer Approval

  -------------- ------------ -------------------------- ------------ ---------------- ------------------ --------------------- --------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ -----
  Shengyu Wang   wsycharles   charleswangsy\@gmail.com   5105999680   CS 61A, CS 61B   MATH 1A, MATH 1B   import antigravity;   Monday 4-5 pm   [[http://fmn.xnpic.com/fmn057/20130904/2230/original\_w7Rn\_7ffb00002e4c1190.jpg]{.underline}](http://fmn.xnpic.com/fmn057/20130904/2230/original_w7Rn_7ffb00002e4c1190.jpg)   Yes
  -------------- ------------ -------------------------- ------------ ---------------- ------------------ --------------------- --------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ -----

-   Hackathon

-   Meraki CFG\-- posters???

-   3M Infosession

-   GM\#2

-   

10.9.2013

-   Startup Fair debrief

-   Hack Reactor Collaboration

-   HACKATHON

    -   Approve Prizes

    -   Costco Run schedule

    -   Purchase request submitted Monday, Sherry talked to LEAD center
        > today (10/9/13), they'll see if they can rush the check to us
        > any faster

    -   Once prizes are approved, please email list to Sarah to update
        > the hackathon webpage

    -   Also, do we know the judges from Microsoft and Meraki? Once we
        > find out, please tell Sarah so she can update the hackathon
        > webpage

-   10/27

-   Meraki THING

-   GM\#2 11/11

-   Photoshoot Friday: ~~Maajid, please send photos to Sarah so that she
    > can make the officers' page~~ wait i have ideas of putting words
    > on it like "Hina 'hinerz' Sakazaki" and the CSUA logo or something

    -   Maajid, please send photos to Hina, who will edit them then send
        > them to Sarah to put on the officer page kk something like
        > that :) we'll decide

-   Costco Run this week (Friday Sherry+Paul, perhaps Leo to to transfer
    > card)

-   Reimbursements

-   27th\-- Hack+ with ASUS Swag\-- Kara, posters?

-   Grad student panel \-- Kara posters? If she says yes, Sarah will
    > work with her on information that needs to go on it.

-   3M\'s tech talk next thursday, 10/17 @ 11am?

10.2.2013

-   Interview Workshop + delta

-   Jack Dorsey

    -   VOLUNTEERS

    -   T SHIRTS

-   Hackathon

    -   Hinerz can take the check \$\$\$\$\$\$\$\$ :D

    -   POSTERS NEED TO BE UP!!!!! Elizabeth posted in Soda today.

    -   

-   GM \#2 speakers- individual tasks, concrete

    -   TBP wants to use it?? wait for email, maybe start a lil late?

-   Office hours

-   Movie night this friday \-- hinerz can actually make it \<3

-   Startup Fair

-   General Officer Attitude

    -   what is da office

-   tables for the office/lounge

9.25.2013

-   Costco Run this week (Friday Sherry+Paul, perhaps Leo to to transfer
    > card)

-   CS Scholars Panel: Sept. 27, 4 PM, 380 Soda; need reps & mentors

-   11/1: HAlloween party

-   Hackathon

    -   redbull

    -   galaxy desserts

    -   posters

    -   piazza

    -   officer signups

    -   ORDER PRIZES TONIGHT

-   GM 2

-   This Friday- Rahul's running the interview workshop, k cool

-   Office hours

-   FUCKING CLEAN THE FUCKING OFFICE!

9.18.2013

-   ABA

-   Officer Reviews

    -   James

    -   Forest

    -   Liz

    -   Kara

-   Industry Panel- food? and thank-yous \-- host? (I don't know if I
    > want to do it) \--hina \-- and CARDKEY!!

-   Hack+ Check in/make sure we get cardkeyaccess

-   Square Interview \-- who will be the host? 9.27 lunch\-- im pretty
    > busy

-   Jack Dorsey Talk- make sure we have enough people volunteering, whos
    > coming ⇒ I actually can't come to this

-   10/4\-- what to do (movie night?)

-   HACKATHONNNNNNNN

-   Sherry- what's the status on reimbursements and stuff

-   TABLECLOTH/SIGN

-   GM\#1 email

-   EMail format:
    > [[http://mailchimp.com/]{.underline}](http://mailchimp.com/)???

9.11.2013

-   Zynga Infosession Wrap Up

    -   Not knowing who was supposed to do what\-- General attitude of
        > "TRY TO HELP"

    -   I was disappointed by the lack of enthusiasm by pb member and
        > other officers

    -   Don't just stick around talking to each other, try to help by
        > coming up, introducing yourself as CSUA member to
        > representatives

-   Intersocietal New Officers Meeting: This Sunday at 12pm: We need to
    > be bring 2 officers\-- me, Rahul? me, Elizabeth?

-   Budget thing for the wednesday meeting with Lily. Secretary needs a
    > rundown of all the events last year and the costs (I don't have
    > that information on hand, joined halfway through spring semester),
    > events is going to need to help me.

-   GM\#1: what's the format?

    -   Speakers? (probably not....)

    -   Election of External Events

    -   Office stuff

    -   anything else? Anything that's fun? Ice breakers?

-   9/20 event? industry panel with nate and stuff

-   Group Text Messaging

-   getting more out of costco runs: need to buy stuff for Hack+s, and
    > be more consistent about getting stuff-proper list

-   CSUA Winter Retreat

9.4.2013

-   Officer Approval
    > (https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0AoSxdYtoChAhdGJvTklDajc3amFMeUVfdExvTDlmUnc\#gid=0)

  Diego Kiner
  ------------------------
  Maajid Nazrulla
  Sarah Jiyun Kim
  Sanath Kumar Mullapudi

-   10/3 jack Dorsey talk in Sibley auditorium y/n

-   GAAAHHH WELCOME WEEK BBQ THIS FRIDAY (Jeff and Paul are going on
    > costco run on thursday (tomororw) at 4pm.

-   Hack+ Debrief

-   Office matters

-   Startup Fair

-   GM \#1 9/16 -what to have

    -   Welcome to the CSUA (speaker??)

    -   External Events chair

    -   Office rules

-   9/20\-- EVENT (need to come up with something)

-   10/3\-- also event we need to fill with

-   10/4 Nike

-   Google Calendar (yeah. Jeff is hella loaded with stuff to do)

-   Startup Fair Parking

-   

I should be coming to the meeting, but just in case I can\'t make it, I
approve Maajid, Diego, Sarah, and Sanath for officership. Also, the
Costco run for the BBQ is happening tomorrow, so if anybody is
free/knowledgeable on what kinds of stuff needs to be purchased, meet me
and Paul at 4:00. Just a reminder, this is just in case, I am going to
try my best to be there

8.28.2013

-   Officership

    -   Officer Applications for non-Officers (Diego)

-   Game restrictions (10am-5pm) over the time between tomorrow and GM1

-   Unix/Vim session

-   Event Calendar on Google for Subscription (Krishna's IDea)

-   Welcome Week BBQ

    -   serve 300 people if necessary

    -   Flyering- sign up with Elizabeth

    -   Advertising to classes on the week of

8.21.2013

-   Hina's Big News

    -   It's a boy!

-   Welcome Week BBQ - Who gets food? (costco run) budget? strategies to
    > get people

    -   flyers

-   Unix/Vim session - Collin and Jay(?)/Sherry(?) \-- got this?

-   Calapalooza - up the Elizabeth to get volunteers to table AGU29th

-   T-Shirts \-- Elizabeth/Tirumari- Tirumari can't access his photoshop
    > files? (rush while we're not too busy)

-   Website \-- ok. (Brandon and Hina's website session Friday 11am-2pm)

-   Nike Coding for Grub

-   Hackathon

-   Office Upkeep/Regularly schedule cleanings

-   btws: Event calendar
    > https://docs.google.com/document/d/1eGd5hjFce-cDkuxy02NaZe8dNBV1UNgCkbsrmSrCrI0/edit?usp=sharing

7.10.2013

-   Aliases

-   Website

-   T-Shirts

-   Cleaning/Furniture

-   Tawnhall & Shit

-   Officer Apps

-   Costco Run

-   CASUAL Board Games NIght

-   Sponsors and shit liek dat

4/24/13

-   ask again to get door and light fixed

-   Yay we cleared the jobs mailing list. Now the only thing we need to
    > do is for me to announce it and add people and have someone in
    > charge to forward the emails

-   Google Developer\$ Group

-   Google Glass

-   Alumni BBQ

-   GM\#3

-   Brian Harvey Dinner

-   Lan Party - posters? ESPorts?

-   SciLab

4/15/13

-   Jobs Mailing List (Are we doing it?)

-   Workshops (more long run)

-   Cal Day Tabling or Whatever We want to do (What I\'m thinking is,
    > tell the Cal Day Events booklet person to put in 311 Soda so
    > people can come by our office, which will have a big banner
    > outside, and people can be friendly and stuff)

-   Ice Cream Social (wtf is happening\... I\'m going to hardcore
    > advertise on Monday Night and write on every piazza wall\... Try
    > to get in people)

-   Faculty Retreat

-   Brian Harvey

4/10/13: General Meeting, not Politburo. But.

1.  CFG Debriefing

2.  Ice Cream Social

3.  Brian Harvey

4.  5/5

5.  LAN Party?

6.  

4/3/13

> 1\. **CFG**
>
> 2\. fix computer sound
>
> 3\. did the door get fixed
>
> 4\. **5/5 has been reserved noon-midnight**
>
> 5\. electing collin properly, which means we need a unanimous vote to
> kick zach off
>
> 6\. **Thanks Brian Harvey**: Lemon Diet Coke with Splenda
>
> 7\. Officers- Demie has a tab. o.0, approve Leo and Tristan?
>
> 8\. Recruitment- more internal events (KARAOKE NIGHT)
>
> 9\. **GM2 4/10**
>
> 10\. **Ice Cream Social 4/17**
>
> 11\. sake: real windows
>
> 12\. **Faculty Retreat** with HKN

3/20/13

> 1\. CFG
>
> 2\. we should really fix the door
>
> 3\. Hack + can be done next semester, do we want inconsistent woz or more
> consistent other room
>
> 4\. Alumni BBQ
>
> 5\. Interview Question
>
> 6\. Customized Sweatpants/Jackets?
>
> 7\. Officer photo- have all officers show up one day to take pic omg so
> kyute \<3 \<3333\# (I wonder who wrote this)
>
> 8\. need to be more on top of costco runs
>
> 9\. computers not playing sound?
>
> 10\. Officer Apps out to everyone? (Tristan and Leo)

3/14/13

=Website=

-   so i was playing around with cyberduck and it could work its simple
    > (although it really doesnt change anything.. i just dont have to
    > type in unix commands to update) c3

=Events=

-   party

-   party

-   party

=Misc=

-   ethernet cables

-   fix da door

-   what happened to the whole new furniture thang

-   fridge door

3/6/13

> 1\. fix the door
>
> 2\. ethernet cables that don't randomly come out
>
> 3\. costco run tomorrow- 10am Jeff, Hina, Erik, Wishart Brother, with two
> ice chests, Chocolate covered macademia nuts, Monsters somewhere else.
>
> **4. order nude sushi- x**
>
> 5\. don't get freezer stuff for this costco run
>
> 6\. pick up ice and pizza on friday Pizza on the day of at 3:30pm by
> Loren and Rahul
>
> 8\. parking permit
>
> **9 order lavals pasta- x**
>
> 10\. contact judges
>
> Day of: Go to safeway for ice & pizza (50)

2/21/13

> 1\. computer status report
>
> 2\. new officer form
>
> 3\. CFG/potential uses for lounge on Fri
>
> 4\. lan party and why hina is angry
>
> 5\. startup fair

2/14

1\. Furniture: floorplan from Sergio, new table to replace current table
and sofa with built in power strip with 6-8 chairs: decide on cost and
size

2\. Website- launch

2/07/13

> 1\. GM1
>
> \- discussion points
>
> \- activities (guest speaker/board games)
>
> 2\. new officer applications
>
> 3\. new meeting time
>
> 4\. CSUA shared gmail account?
>
> 5\. CFG1
>
> 6\. card access
>
> 7\. computers
>
> 8\. alumni coordinators
>
> 9\. that 86-long email thread

1/30/13

> 1\. email building manager with card numbers
>
> 2\. BBQ +/delta
>
> 3\. Officer applications, where are they
>
> 4\. office cleanliness and responsibility
>
> 5\. better meeting time
>
> 6\. new computers
>
> 7\. GM1
>
> 8\. CFG1

1/23/13

> 1\. Welcome Week BBQ advertisements
>
> \- blast emails to AWE, IEEE, "honor" society
>
> \- freshman class advertising? (might be a bit late for that)
>
> 1.5. Calapalooza
>
> \- tabling, taking the banner down there, etc
>
> \- GETTING PEOPLE TO TABLE
>
> 2\. Meeting food
>
> 3\. Access to Soda
>
> 4\. BBQ Speeches
>
> 5\. BBQ equipment
>
> 6\. Do we care about cell phone reception?
>
> 7\. AAA lanb4time
>
> 8\. office food- healthy options (fruits)

11/28/12 Meeting

1.  GM3

2.  Politburo Next Semester

3.  Hackathon Prizes - have these all been handed out?

4.  Secret Santa

11/14/12 Meeting

1.  Hackathon plus deltas

    a.  prizes - what to do with them?

2.  Lan Party

3.  CFG

4.  Meeting next week - It's the day before Thanksgiving (we're almost
    > done)

5.  Politburo Next Semester (We have about 2 weeks until elections)

11/7/12 Meeting

1.  Hackathon!

2.  Lan Party

10/3/121 Meeting (Happy Halloween!)

1.  Hacknights

2.  3.  Ballmer's Peak plus/deltas

4.  Hackathon

5.  Board Game Night

6.  Cell Reception Repeater

10/25/12 Meeting

1.  HKN using lounge as overflow tutoring space

2.  Startup Hackathon

3.  Monitors in Lounge

4.  Balmer's Peak Night check in

5.  Hackathon Progress check in

    a.  Prizes

6.  Board Game Night

7.  CFG Date (11/16) may be bad

    b.  H\@B/IEEE hackathon is then

    c.  It's the week after our hackathon

    d.  It's our last open Friday (the next two weekends are
        > Thanksgiving and GM3)

    e.  (Sorry Sam if we end up changing it again) :(

10/17/12 Meeting

1.  CFG1 plus deltas

2.  GM2 plus deltas

3.  Kaiser Plus Deltas

4.  Alum BBQ plus deltas

5.  Paintball with UPE

6.  Giving up the woz for an hour from 2-3 before Hacknight on a Sunday
    > to UPE/H\@B on the 28th

7.  Clock/ Office decorations in general

8.  Ballmers Peak Night

9.  We shouldn't have a hack night 11/11 (the Sunday after Hackathon)

10. Budget for Hacknights

11. Halloween Party with other clubs

10/10/12 Meeting is a GM

1.  Hackathon instead of Ballmer Peak night?

    a.  Move BPN?

2.  E\@B + CSUA lan

    b.  when/where?

3.  

10/3/12 Meeting

1.  CFG

2.  Alumni bbq

3.  Hackathon

4.  Monitors in lounge

9/26/12 Meeting

1.  Discussion\-- Hardware hacking going on in the office

2.  Decision\-- What to do on 10/5 in place of CFG1: NOPE We're having
    > CFG1 with Rackspace :D

3.  Decision\-- Remove door to back room

4.  Decision\-- Headphones for the tower machines

5.  organized dividers in white cash drawer

6.  no one's really paying attention to drawer and a lot of the time
    > non-CSUAers are opening it up and putting money in

7.  Coffee Maker- Should we keep it?

8.  GM2

9.  Goodbye Gift for Barbara Hightower (she said we could stop by
    > Thursday afternoon)

10. Video Game Hackathon and Christina

11. Coding For Grub with Iris Athletic Club -Just confirming this is
    > something that we don't want to do.

12. UPE wants to paintball with us (HKN backed out)

9/16/12 Meeting (1pm)

1.  Update CSUA image:

    a.  Turn Coke table into Arduino lab

    b.  Headphones for games (Buy them?)

        i.  Jessica here: I don't think that is a good idea, people
            > don't take care of the shared resources well. If you want
            > sound, please plug in

    c.  Make the office more Useful

        ii. Please be more specific

    d.  Be more awesome

    e.  Don't be easy

2.  Attitude \>:( -\> :l -\> :) -\> :D CSUA is going to be fine. We
    > don't have to be perfect

3.  GM 1 +/deltas

4.  EE Hack Jam

    f.  Probably Nov 10(ish). Work with IEEE and H\@B

5.  Startup Fair

    g.  CSUA reserving the woz

    h.  Stack overflow might be sponsoring

6.  Hackathon

    i.  Can we try to get Hearst Memorial Mining Building as a potential
        > space, need to look into costs, logistics

7.  Meals with Professors

    j.  Dim Sum with Harvey, more details to be coming

    k.  Need to talk to John Dinero, Klein, PapaD, Hilfinger, Armando
        > Fox, who else?

8.  Update on room improvements

    l.  lounge white boards are up

    m.  office white boards will probably be up soon

9.  We should stop trying to circumvent the dept

10. Officer Applications

    n.  We're the CSUA (emphasis on the CS part) we shoudn't be using
        > google docs to handle our office applications. It's been
        > really convenient, yes, I know, but it's way easier to work
        > with our system if we do it through a script in soda. Users
        > should be able to run this script which will ask them all of
        > the same questions, it will already have their username! This
        > also covers a basic requirement that our officers should be
        > able to do: "Possess the ability to ssh into soda and run a
        > command". If we can agree that this is a good idea, then I'll
        > make it and have it ready by the end of the week.

    o.  (Jessica here) Sounds good.

    p.  (Jessica here) I approve of all officers that have applied this
        > semester. I will put new tabs up on Monday and email people.
        > (I have also been trying to change the door code).

9/9/12 Meeting (1pm)

1.  Office Cleaning

2.  STC partnership

3.  Liquid Nitrogen Social Plus Deltas

4.  JavaScript Meetups

5.  GM1: Board games and project demos (Wednesday)

6.  Lan Party (Friday)

7.  Hackathon Date

All Officers Meeting

1.  Pep talk WOOOOOOOOO!

2.  Officership and Excomm (used to be office-hosers and politburo)

3.  What it means to be an officer

4.  Recruitment

5.  Status Reports (what's been happening)

6.  System of Officer Approval

7.  Zynga (They want to sponsor something)

8/17/12 Meeting (7pm)

1.  Updates

2.  Library Policies

3.  Calapalooza

4.  All hands meeting/ Officers Pep Talk on the 23rd

5.  Beginning of semester Recruitment strategies

6.  Hackathon Partner-Finding Meetups

Upcoming Events (Just a Timeline)

0\. August 23rd: All Hands

1.  August 24th: Welcome Week Frisbee

    a.  has been almost cleared

2.  August 27th: Eecsapalooza

3.  August 31st: Welcome BBQ

4.  September 7th: Ice Cream Social

5.  September 9th: First Hack night

6.  September 11th: GM1

7.  September 14th: Lan Party

8.  September 21st: Hackathon!

9.  October 5th: CFG1

7/30/12 Meeting (8pm)

1\. CFGs:

1.  Cost/ILP

2.  Companies we Want

3.  How to pitch it to companies

4.  Quantcast

2\. Budgets for Events: Jessica needs them 3 weeks in advance

1.  Things that Jessica would need

    -   Purpose of events aka what is this event

    -   what is the actual budget

    -   Why do you think this budget is sufficient?

    -   What are you spending this budget on?

    -   What are the pros and cons of this event?

    -   Do we have co-sponsors?

    -   If we have co-sponsors, what are their roles in this event?

    -   What is the quasi-agenda on the event?

    -   Logistics for event?

3\. Hackerspace on Euclid

1.  Do we want to ask our 2000 alumni for help with funding?

2.  Do we want to do it?

3.  What is it?

4.  Who would be in charge of it?

4\. Infosessions

1.  Do we want them? (needs cost/benefit analysis)

5\. Upcoming Events (Just a Timeline)

August 23rd: All Hands

10. August 24th: Welcome Week Frisbee

    b.  has been almost cleared

11. August 27th: Eecsapalooza

12. August 31st: Welcome BBQ

13. September 7th: Ice Cream Social

14. September 9th: First Hack night

15. September 11th: GM1

16. September 14th: Lan Party

17. September 21st: Hackathon!

18. October 5th: CFG1

...

6\. Officer forms going out. I need people to give it a one over

7\. The semester is about to start! Let's plan our next couple of
meetings.

8 Big push for officers to do events once the semester starts

9\. New members form out?

Welcome Week Events Meeting

1.  The Frisbee part of it: what exactly we're doing

2.  Pepe's Pizza: Logistics and purpose

3.  Calapalooza

4.  Welcome week bbq

7/02/12, 9pm, g+ hangout

1.  Feedback \-- how's asana going

2.  Standups

3.  group photo time

6/20/12, 8pm, g+ hangout

1.  Organizational Things

    a.  Tweaking Asana: Deadlines. Do you assign them yourself or
        > assignee does? always next pb meeting or no?

    b.  Tweaking Asana: Adding Actions. Should each person add their own
        > action items to asana so they know they're there, or should 1
        > person add them. what makes you feel more comfortable?

2.  Events

    c.  New event ideas: ace cs classes workshops, land that job
        > interview workshops\-- formal ways to distribute our knowledge

    d.  Startup fair

    e.  Amusement Park Tix and Planning

    f.  Computer Science Groups Calapalooza thing

    g.  Joint frisbee with H\@B

3.  Build-a-bear logo creation

4.  Study lounge's accent wall- choose a color

5.  Announce emails \-- Are they being sent out? Who is approving them?

6.  jobs postings \-- why are there none?

7.  csua account creating during summer \--who's around?

This is just a back up copy of this. Add to the other one document
titles Politburo Rereat here:
[[https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vtAmAOmMfdWWXMXiIe0oqnFdyRt9rYRdsjBbKKAiWgQ/edit]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vtAmAOmMfdWWXMXiIe0oqnFdyRt9rYRdsjBbKKAiWgQ/edit)

[Things to Talk about at Politburo Retreat]{.underline}

1.  Passing of Information \*\*\*

    a.  This is where everyone will share binders of their position and
        > teach the new person how to do the job.

2.  What we all think our jobs are

    b.  We'll all discuss our understanding of our own job with each
        > other and our understandings of each others jobs so that we
        > all understand what we are doing.

3.  Politburo Meetings Next semester

    c.  Renaming to CSUA Meetings

        i.  Pros: Makes the meetings more seems more open

        ii. Cons:

4.  Moving CSUA Meetings to the Office

    iii. Pros: Higher Attendance

    iv. Cons: More Distractions

    v.  Possible Solutions: Don't allow video games in the office during
        > meeting.

5.  Dinners/Meeting Format

    vi. We want to offer dinner during politburo meetings again.

6.  Public Detailed Agenda: It's going to happen

    vii. It'll probably look something like this

7.  Minutes

    viii. People want more detailed minutes, but it's hard to take more
        > detailed minutes during minutes while actively participating.
        > Possible solution: We have a live Google Doc in which people
        > help jot down details.

8.  How we're going to get hosers to come

    ix. Points a, b, c, and d should help with this.

    <!-- -->

    d.  Time of meetings will be decided once school starts and
        > schedules are finalized.

9.  New Events System

    e.  We transitions towards only having events if someone is willing
        > to throw it. At the same time, we encourage more people to
        > participate. If no one wants to put on an event, should we
        > even be having it?

    f.  Pros: More relevant Events

    g.  More hoser participation

    h.  Cons: Potential to backfire (If this doesn't work, we could
        > always revert to our current system. It's a transition, not an
        > overnight change.)

    i.  Would only be a subset of hosers

10. Hoser Involvement

    j.  Hoser requirements: should we have them? If so, how should they
        > be implemented?

    k.  Pros: More involvement

    l.  Dispersal of responsibilities

    m.  Cons: Decline in membership

11. Getting Involved Brochure

    n.  We need a paragraph description

        x.  Can someone provide the old one here?

12. Tech Projects

    o.  What sort of projects so we want to implement?

    p.  Ideas and Ongoing Projects:

        xi. CSUA website

        xii. Script to run assassins for us

        xiii. Membership forms

            1.  Pros: Yay, automated

            2.  Cons: Legal issues?

        xiv. Local github

13. Logo/Branding

    q.  pass out flyers to 61a/b/c and above(?)

        xv. **Constructive** Ideas for reworking the Cal Day flyer:

            3.  A more proper usage of the memes

14. General Leadership Crap

    r.  We are leaders of the CSUA

15. Circles of Advice

    s.  We'll talk to each other one on one and talk to each other about
        > one thing the other person does well and one thing they could
        > improve on.

4/31/12

\(1) Politburo Retreat

-   Fill out the form

\(2) Events and Room Schedulings for Next Semester

\(3) Logo \-- TJ's got another presentation

\(4) Getting Involved Brochure

\(5) GM 3 +/deltas

\(6) Painting the Office over the summer

\(7) New Posters for the office

\(8) Demo Day with H\@B

\(9) PHD Movie Night +/deltas

\(10) Javascript Meetups And new event system

\(11) Hack nights: what to do with them next semester

\(12) Get new constitution ratified by the campus

\(13) RoR meetups \-- who's running next semester/summer?

\(14) Technological Infrastructure Projects \-- set in motion?

\(15) Food at politburo meeting

\(16) bringaho-sa-hoser to politburo? h

4/22/12)

howhow rting

4/22/12

\(1) Cal Day +/deltas

\(2) VP Indrel menu

\(3) GM3

\(4) PHD Movie night

\(5) Hoser Applications

\(6) Logo

4/15/12

\(1) CFG2 +/deltas

\(2) BBQ +/deltas

\(3) Future of Politburo/Upcoming elections

(3.5) Specifying elections format (e.g. group therapy sessions)

\(4) H\@B event

\(5) Room reservation

\(6) reimbursements

\(7) eTalk request

\(8) Collaborating with Armando

4/1/12

\(1) CFG

\(2) CSUA Assassins

\(3) Alumni BBQ

\(4) Harvey email

3/7/12

Agenda:

\(0) Changing the name of Hack nights to Study/Hack nights

\(1) Hoser 1-1s

\(2) Advertising for CFG and weekly hack nights

\(3) Trash in Lounge and office (It smells and we should put someone in
charge of taking it out)

\(4) GM2 plus deltas

3/4/12

Agenda:

\(0) We should buy speakers

\(1) copy of matlab for Rob

\(2) Hack nights

2/26/12

Agenda:

\(0) Starting up e-talk speaker series again

\(1) Starting up nighttime kingpin runs to the 2nd floor again

\(2) Should we have the first hour of a Hack Night double as an idea
mixer

\(3) Do we want to coordinate with Innod in any way? Would bringing in
designers be of interest to coders at our Hack Nights (just a wild idea,
sam's meeting with them already anyway.)

\(4) WhiteTruffle?

\(5) Town Hall input

2/19/12

Agenda:

\(0) Do we want to try and schedule another CfG?

\(1) What do we want our policy to be regarding Jobs postings that only
offer equity?

\(2) Policy on requisitioning a private git repo

\(3) Coding event with Hackers\@Berkeley

\(4) Industry Section of the csua website- we need to add Ness and Heroku

\(5) Hackathon +s & deltas

\(6) different politburo time?

Spoliers: Nope.

\(7) Harvey coding event

2/12/12

Agenda, in no particular order.

\(0) Discuss TJ (Tirumari) as our designer for logo, flyer, & tshirts \--
cost, deadlines, etc.

\(1) Hammer out start and end time for Weekly Hack Nights + approve
reservation times for 3/11, 4/8, and 4/15 + hoser volunteer + actually
reserve woz for those 3 times.

\(2) Contact alumni for alumni BBQ \-- how far in advance do we contact
alumni?

\(3) Internal Event Ideas: barcrawling, ice cream social, etc. discuss.
Dwight's coming to alumni bbq btw. i asked him to bring liquid
nitrogren. he agreed.

\(4) move alumni off announce\-- an alumnus has requested a new listserv
be created for alumni.

\(5) Hackathon

\(6) Kickoff

\(7) CSUA github helpsession

\(8) T-shirts

\(9) gift for Andy for helping immensely with hackathon website and
hackathon day-of

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

ACTION ITEMS for week of 2/5/12-2/12/12

Jessica: Woz access

Josh: events mailing list, mail aliases

Jacob: money for weekly hack nights

Sam: events mailing list, Hackathon publicity (posters), logo

Mary: private Git repos for Hackathon, cash advance

Hayg: GM2 speaker, GM2 food choice

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

2/5/12

Agenda, in no particular order:

\(0) Work out official judging guidelines to give to hackathon judges.

\(1) What parameters should we give for CfG Problems?

\(2) Do we like FounderDating for an event?

\(3) BBQ + Δ

\(4) GM1 + Δ

\(5) communication troubles

\(6) mail/LDAP/etc.

\(7) hackathon update

-prizes

-tshirts

\(8) logo

\(9) hosers

\(10) events calendar

\(11) Building access

\(12) Weekly Hack Nights

\(13) Dinner/meeting format

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

1/29/12

\(0) creating the '**events' mailing list**, a subset of announce, for
people who only want to hear about our events and nothing else\-- who
might not even be sold on the idea of membership yet but are interested
in hearing about our upcoming events.

\(1) GM1 speaker format

\(2) Discussing our protocol for dealing with notifying our membership
about other organizations' events and requests, such as infosessions,
hackathons, requests to publicize a service, etc.

\(3) Discuss and possibly decide on a method for getting membership forms
processed each week. (Mikey and Wes are in the office right now and have
found a huge pile dating back as early as Feb 2011. There's a bit of a
buildup problem.)

\(4) Prizes and judges for hackathon

\(5) startup weekend moved. we want to keep friday for cfg1. do we want
sat n sun?

\(6) weekly hack nights! put an organizer in charge

\(7) talk to david patterson about getting a pass on ilp costs for small
startup companies like tokbox (++)

(8)RoR person in charge

\(9) Budget for events such as Hackathons, kickoffs, cfgs, and weekly
hack nights

\(a) designate someone to 'forward this to hosers'
