Agenda

-   Jason Internal

    -   Neil thought that he didn't have enough time to commit to CSUA

    -   Jason was a top tier replacement

    -   Formal transfer of knowledge is necessary

    -   He's in charge of all internal events (non-company affiliated
        > events) with caveats

        -   Not in charge of cross-club reaching out, that's Meg's job

        -   You need to help with hackathon

-   Shadow PB Only

    -   Neil wants to be apart pb-only meetings

    -   Case-by-case and meeting-by-meeting basis

        -   Very little reason to not let shadow pb join in

        -   All shadow pb welcome at pb meetings!

            -   Shadow pb is just pb's predecessor

-   PB Voting

    -   Officership needs to be unanimous

    -   For less pressing issues Eric suggests a supermajority would be
        > fine

        -   For example, which day to do something

    -   Unanimous vote for everything that warrants a major pb
        > discussion

        -   For example, problematic people

        -   May be demoted to supermajority

    -   Everything else non-major can be majority

-   Slack

    -   PB-Announcements!

        -   For votes and major announcements

        -   Discussion in threads/pb channel

    -   Eric suggests that everything gets cleaned up to not clog up
        > pb-announcements

    -   Should move major discussion on the slack to pb agenda

    -   Cancer

        -   Can't really moderate \#memes

        -   Isolate the cancer to \#memes

        -   No untasteful trash in other channels pls

        -   Jason/Yitz got this

-   Pb meeting time

    -   Megan is setting up a when2meet

-   Tutoring

    -   Send out tutoring form to officers who want to tutor

        -   Get times/List of classes

    -   Lower commitment officership for tutors?

        -   What about people who only join club to tutor people?

            -   It's fine for the most part except that they need office
                > access

            -   Have multiple officers at that time slot or use 341?

    -   Yitz - send out email for tutoring,

        -   Transcript to prove their grades

        -   Guidelines for tutor

        -   Confirm OH time

        -   List of classes

-   Website

    -   Navigation bar is broken :(

        -   Eric is sad

    -   Megan should compile a list of resources that we offer

    -   Eric is gonna roll out updates incrementally

        -   Newuser with JT

        -   Collaboration with Emily

    -   Website staff?

        -   Adding more interactivity to the server, usage statistics

        -   Frontend code will be open-source

        -   Emily/JT/Eric all involved in this

-   Dani slack ban

    -   She's wondering when she will be unbanned

        -   Originally it would be when she became prosp, but she isn't
            > interesting in that

    -   We should have slack guidelines, and a more formal punishment
        > system

        -   Megan is gonna set that up

        -   Need a clearly defined line so when she crosses it we can
            > actually hit the ban-hammer

            -   Gotta be fair

    -   Ask her questions on why she wants to be back in slack

-   HKN Collab?

    -   Megan is supposed to talk to HKN about something

        -   She's confused what it is

            -   General collaboration

                -   LAN Party

                -   Internship/Resume workshops

            -   Tutoring pitfalls

-   Branding

    -   TL;DR: Website looks nice, we have a nice new logo, flyer
        > templates for Facebook events, letterheads

        -   Thank you friends who are good at art!

    -   Tabling outside of Soda

        -   Table when there are 61A/16A discussions going on

    -   Personal outreach in office, don't ignore new people pls

    -   Shirts at company events

        -   Require officers to wear I\<3CS shirts at company events

        -   More presence and awareness of CSUA

    -   Have a template for our event poster outside of soda, will show
        > which company is there

-   More involved CAP partnerships

    -   Having companies have more events with us, workshops, etc

    -   Goldman Sachs is considering doing this with us

-   CS Intended Panel w/ UPE

    -   For people interesting in declaring CS in L&S and are stressed
        > about it

    -   Probably should be after CS61A midterm 1

        -   When dreams die

    -   To help freshmen not be stressed out

    -   Megan is working on a general presentation with a guy from UPE

    -   Panelists from both clubs

        -   Mish would be a good fit

        -   Same with Jason (Yeung)

    -   Push tutoring at the event

-   Google SSO

    -   Probably doesn't add too much value - Megan

    -   Good for adding statistics and making server more interactive -
        > Eric

    -   Cool thought, but it is hard and we have a lot on the plate
        > right now

    -   Integrate soda accounts with info-sessions resume dropping

    -   We aren't doing it this semester

    -   Flagged for next semester

-   Speaking at lectures

    -   Ask if we can speak at EE16A/CS61B lectures

    -   We're speaking at the 3rd lecture of CS61A!

-   Opening up officership

    -   When to open the officership application

        -   Open it now, and push it after welcome event on Thursday

    -   Anyone is allowed to be an officer, people who don't want to
        > will just dip, people who like it will stay

        -   No pre-reqs on officership

-   Officer training

    -   Yitz needs to send out a when to meet

    -   Officer training is mandatory

    -   For people who can not make it, they'll get a run down with a
        > member of pb

-   Note Repo

    -   Eric is doing it through Adnan's office

    -   Storing it on our server

        -   Value

    -   Alternative resource for students

    -   Make sure teachers aren't pissed off

-   Reclaiming the upper-div lounge

    -   Megan should talk to Laura about what "341A Soda is maintained
        > by the CSUA" means

-   Workshops

    -   ML - Eric

    -   Git - JT?

    -   Unix/Bash - JT?

    -   LaTeX - Yitz?

    -   Web Dev - Eric

    -   Finding an internship - Many people

    -   Resume - Many people

    -   Blockchain - Sid

-   Politburo pet projects

    -   Making it sure everyone is getting things done

    -   We already have a lot of responsibilities, and we shouldn't have
        > a project overshadowing those responsibilities

    -   Mission statements?

-   Welcome lunch 8/24?

    -   Freshmen aren't getting any information from their events so
        > we'll give them some

        -   10 minutes on CS

        -   2 on CSUA

    -   Pizza

        -   Hurray west coast!!!

    -   62 Going

    -   173 Interested

-   CSUA social 8/25

    -   We doin stuff in the woz! 8-10pm

-   FB 9/1

    -   They're not responding to emails

    -   Company survey, Yitz made one last semester

        -   Ray

    -   We just have to deal with it

    -   "I'm going to get an aneurism, I'm going to die" - Eric

-   GM1 9/1

    -   Board game night!

    -   Right after facebook

-   Pinterest 9/6

    -   Yay

-   Yelp 9/7

    -   Yay

-   Cup

    -   We got a cup for the guy who got us the thing(Computing server)!

        -   Have JT/Sid present it
