PB Retreat - 1/17/15

-   Welcome stuff

    -   Robert is going to be late

    -   Sherry might not come

    -   Kara's plane lands at 12

-   What do we want for lunch?

    -   Celia's?

    -   Pizza?

    -   TuckTuck Thai?

    -   Jeff wants circles?

    -   [Gregoirs]{.underline}

-   Role transitions

-   FOOD - om nom nom

-   Vision for the CSUA:

    -   Possibility to change servers?

        -   Currently not that much on the server - \> want to
            > transition to new hardware

        -   We have plenty of equipment -\> just need to consolidate

        -   must make sure that things don't break as much

        -   Collin will talk to Alex/Robert to figure things out

    -   Club vision?

        -   What do we think about the office?

            -   maybe want to have more office hours?

            -   publicize office?

            -   try to make office more welcoming as a work space?

            -   maybe rearrange the furniture so we have more work
                > space?

            -   try to put another table in the office

            -   different chairs?

            -   Ana will figure out what we want to do with the office

            -   maybe we can work with people who are new with CS?

            -   let people know that we can help with CS problems

            -   CS scholar - maybe we can work with them

        -   office stuffs

            -   new microwave?

            -   possibility of moving Sake

            -   sign on the door?

    -   Sponsorships

        -   Microsoft - \$1000 for stuff

        -   Talking to hackerank - CGF and hack

        -   need to look for sponsorship for future semesters

    -   Events for the semester

        -   no welcome bbq because the woz is completely booked

        -   Alumni bbq

        -   3 GMS

        -   icecream social - need a date

        -   game night/LAN party - want to talk to HKN/Blueprint/etc

        -   UPE BBQ

        -   Hack CS61A

        -   ABA event

        -   want to make sure to publicize events at least a week before
            > hand

        -   UNIX/VIM workshop - Robert

            -   1/26 6:30-9 PM

            -   no git workshop

        -   Cal Day?

            -   Want to start figuring things out

        -   EECS research conference

            -   need volunteers

    -   Club image

        -   want to be more of an academic club

        -   we had bad image due to gamer rage

        -   need to type up the new rules

        -   Be a more accepting place and more productive

    -   Office Stuff

        -   Gaming ban hours - working hours vs social hours

            -   working: 10 AM - 7 PM

            -   going to keep the same hours

            -   work has priority

        -   cleaning and trash

            -   tell people about it

            -   cleaning sessions bi-weekly

        -   make a lost-and-found bin and clean it out monthly

        -   Use the shot glass bin for the lost and found bin

        -   Missing prizes

            -   Some of the things from the last hack are missing

            -   no keyboards

            -   missing headphones

            -   missing hard drives

            -   Need to have officers be more observant

            -   return the unused items instead of saving them to
                > prevent this

        -   Equipment

            -   need to make sure that people take care of the equipment

            -   treat the equipment nicer

            -   clean out the keyboards

            -   eating in front of the computers?

            -   Board games? -\> need to take SID

    -   Class announcements

        -   61A - CSUA and Unix/VIM workshop (1/26)

        -   CS10 - CSUA

        -   Michelle will email people

-   New officers

    -   is four events too much? -\> no

    -   Considered:

> Jeffrey Zhang, Leo Wu, Robert Chang, Neil Hegde, Alex Chu, Shrayus
> Gupta, Sherry Xu, Jessie Salas, Sanath Mullapudi, Jong, Kara
> Gieseking, David Bui, Johnathan Allen
