Politburo Minutes

people in attendance: Jessica Pan, Hayg Astourian, Heidi Galbraith, Mary
Stufflebeam, Josh Hawn, Nate R, Andy Toulouse

Agenda:

1.  Mounting a monitor

    a.  it has been voted upon and we will try

    b.  Mac-mini will be the one powering them

    c.  Talk to Sergio about it

    d.  Jacob will find all the studs

2.  Changing the name of Hack nights to Study+Hack nights

    e.  Approved

3.  Advertising for CFG and weekly hack nights

4.  Trash in Lounge and office

    f.  Talk to Sergio about cleaning the lounge

5.  Hosers 1-1s

    g.  Will be continued till next week

6.  CFG posters and Study+Hack nights will be out

    h.  Will be continued till next week

7.  GM2 plus deltas

    i.  \+

        i.  well run (Andy)

        ii. Gordo's was well received (Josh)

        iii. Really good speaker (Sam)

        iv. There was enough food (Jessica)

        v.  Posters were really nice (Mary)

        vi. Q and A was ++++ (Mary, Heidi)

        vii. Pretty good attendance (Nate)

        viii. Mary helped (Hayg)

    j.  delta's

        ix. Josh was not there (Josh)

        x.  Burritos not in half (Andy)

        xi. Jacob was not there (Jacob)

        xii. talk was hard to follow (Sam, Nate)

        xiii. no shopping list (Jessica)

        xiv. Find someone to pick up food earlier (Mary)

        xv. Not enough chips (Mary)

        xvi. Poster not out early enough (Heidi)

        xvii. Not enough restriction on talk

8.  Hosers

    k.  Has been approved and emails will be sent out

Meeting adjourned at 7:51h
