Changes to constitution

-   As sent out before, the 4 constitutional changes will be implemented

Politburo Nominations

-   President Nominees

    -   Mary Stufflebeam

        -   Everyone here knows who I am, my name is Mary. Maybe that
            one kid in the back who doesn't know me. So, I want to be
            president of this club. i have put a lot of work into it. I
            have done the Hackathon and implement the Hacknights. i
            really care about the clubs. i have been appointed to a
            position that will allow me to work with the department. I
            am going to make politburo more transparent by opening more
            channels of communication.

    -   Jacob Newman

        -   My opponent, who frankly has shorter hair, than I am used
            to. I am running on the compassionate side of the campaign.
            Since I have been blessed by the god, by not being in an
            unsustainable situation of totalling a car every semester.
            (As her track record shows) Go ahead, don't vote for me and
            see what happens.

Q & A

-   Mary Stufflebeam

    -   I do not want to be a totalitarian dictator (like Ian \[as said
        by Heidi\])

-   Jacob Newman

    -   How are you baby-killing habits?

        -   They can't really blame me for killing babies.

    -   Resigned on the spot

President: Mary Stufflebeam

-   VP indrel

    -   Nate Rockenbach

        -   This speech boils down to I am not shitty enough that i
            would lose due to no-confidence. I have learned a lot during
            my search as stated here:

            -   develop more long term relationships

            -   get sponsors for a long time for hacknights

            -   want to make sure that we have companies on the ready

            -   I got liquid nitrogen

    -   Hayg Astourian \[Almost ran away\]

        -   I lost the second he said liquid nitrogen.

Q & A

-   Nate Rockenbach

    -   I have a decent class load. I have plenty of time to give to
        CSUA

    -   He might be here for two semesters\....

    -   We don't have updated information

    -   maintaining good contact by keeping companies updating

    -   passing knowledge onto my sucessors

-   Hayg Astourian

    -   Has run away already\...at this point

VP indrel: Nate Rockenbach

-   VP tech

    -   Zach Bush

        -   Honestly, I wasn't really considering on running for a
            posisiton. I have been wanting to get involve with politburo
            in the past. I feel like it is a good time for someone new
            to come in. I am most likely going to be here for another 3
            semesters.

    -   Josh Hawn

        -   I am the current tech VP. I would say that everything has
            been ok this semester. There was an issue earlier semester,
            LDAP went down. I fixed the LDAP fiasco well. Setting up the
            linux mirror. I had a lot of help from ediliac from that.
            From that, I also made a plan to do in the next semester. I
            already talked to Jessica about getting a new server rack
            for the server room. Power distribution in the server room
            isn't that bad. I will have plenty of time ... by taking a
            Hilfinger class

    -   Jordan Salter

        -   I guess that I am the long haired oponent this time. I am
            lazy don't vote for me. I will do it if I am voted it in.

Q & A

-   what would you do if someone accidently locked root out.

    -   Zach Bush

        -   I would ask for help. I wouldn't know off hand how to fix
            that. I consider it a skill of mine to learn how to fix
            things on my own.

-   If not elected, would you still be willing to work with the Tech VP?

    -   Everyone says yes.

-   If not elected, what other position would you do?

    -   Zach

        -   External events

    -   Josh

        -   Internal Events

    -   Jordan

        -   I don't even want this job

-   What is your workload?

    -   Josh

        -   cs164 with hilfinger

    -   Zach

        -   CS162

        -   CS169

        -   IEOR, EE42

    -   Jordan

        -   CS170

        -   facilitating MSDOCX

-   Are you planning anything new?

    -   Josh

        -   one thing that i want to do is to get github enterprise.
            (Get a github server going)

        -   Website\...I will work on it

    -   Zach

        -   I don't have a clear idea\....another small reason why i
            want to run for this. I want to publicize what we have.

    -   jordan

        -   I have 0 grand plans :D Somebody should reboot the web
            server

-   What do you think of our documentation?

    -   Josh

        -   2 google docs and 1 email :/

        -   As far as we have our things set up, there is not a lot of
            hard information. I want to keep a log of everything

-   Account forms are still on paper

    -   If we ever get subpoenaed for pirating files, we can pull out a
        piece of paper

Discussion was had. Not typed for privacy.

VP tech: Zach

-   Secretary/Treasurer

    -   Jessica Pan

Sec/Treas: Jessica Pan

-   Outreach

    -   Sam Dove

        -   She brought a powerpoint\... I have included this in these
            minutes

Outreach: Sam Dove

-   External Events

    -   Rodney Folz

        -   vote for me\... All of your dreams will come true

External Events: Rodney

-   Internal Events

    -   Josh Hawn.
