Agenda:

Meeting started at 5:24

People in attendance: Heidi, Jacob, Hayg, Mary, Sam, Josh, Jessica,
Andy, Jessica, Angie

Hosers:

-   Have been approved and will be set up

\(0) Starting up e-talk speaker series again

-   ConstantContact should be send to HKN

-   Hayg will found speakers if he wants those

-   Publicity with pictures is something that CSUA should do?

-   Jacob will look into CalTV rentals

-   Sam will reserve rooms

\(1) Starting up nighttime kingpin runs to the 2nd floor again

-   Ask hosers if they are willing to pick up donuts

-   Sam will ask them

\(2) Should we have the first hour of a Hack Night double as an idea
mixer

-   If you want to brainstorm with people, we could leave a table out

-   We will leave a table out

\(3) Do we want to coordinate with Innod in any way? Would bringing in
designers be of interest to coders at our Hack Nights (just a wild idea,
sam's meeting with them already anyway.)

-   We would not be pursuing Innod

\(4) WhiteTruffle?

-   wants us to send to our job list, an ad for their product

\(5) Town Hall input

-   IEEE, HKN, CSUA, H@B, what are you thoughts on Soda resources

-   Nothing is too small

-   Sam is going to post on Piazza

-   Classroom announcements

-   Hopefully gets sent out tomorrow

Lan Party +, party

-   \+

    -   it happened (jacob)

    -   Variety of Sancks (mary)

    -   Attendance (Josh)

    -   Good enough (andy)

    -   Advertising was good (Jacob)

    -   variety of games (jessica)

    -   Angie was here (Angie)

    -   Drinks (Angie, josh)

    -   People were playing different games everywhere

    -   Someone got more food (Josh)

    -   Crisis management

    -   Ice

    -   Futurama

-   delta's

    -   Jacob did not show up (jacob)

    -   not enough food (mary, josh)

    -   No LoL (sam)

    -   People dominated the computers (Andy)

    -   Too much onion dip \>:(

    -   No caprisun

    -   Reach out to Starcraft clubs

    -   not enough energy drinks

GM2

-   Katz, developer

-   Posters will be up this week, Sam

-   March 9

CFG

-   Yelp, doing it, they have a problem,

-   Going to involve using some of their data

-   May involve an NDA

-   March 17,

-   Invoice: 2500, Jacob will figure out the money

GitHub Repo

-   We will announce to people on Facebook

Startup Fair

-   Will still be emailing more company

H@B

-   They want to do an event with us

-   Demo Day (next semester)

Meeting adjourned at 6:12PM
