**Spring 2013 Emails Sent from Outreach**

\-\-\-\-\-\-\--

Wed, Feb 20, 2013 at 12:48 AM

Yo CSUA, got any plans for this weekend?

Well, if you do, I bet it\'s not more awesome than CSUA\'s LAN Party,
happening this Saturday February 23rd at 12pm, going on until 12am at
the Wozniak Lounge.

This is a CSUA members event, so it\'s a great way to bond with fellow
students who are interested in Computer Science.

You might even meet someone who\'d like to take on the next project or
play a multiplayer game with you.

We\'ll have buckets of ice cream, greasy food, caffeine, and various
games.

6 nice gaming PCs, PS3, XBox, Kinect, board games, dancing games, etc..
feel free to bring stuff as well.

It might be a good idea to bring your own computer/mouse if you are
particular.

We won\'t be using Airbears, instead, we\'ll be using a separate network
switch so there\'s no lag.

We\'ve been so overwhelmed with projects and the first round of
midterms, we definitely deserve this break.

Questions? Feel free to email me back at outreach@csua.berkeley.edu.

See you there!

Hina Sakazaki

\-\-\--

Sun, Feb 24, 2013 at 8:45 AM

Good morning everyone,

First of all, thanks for those of you who showed up at the LAN Party! We
had so many people and so much fun! I can\'t wait for the next party.

Startup Fair is coming up on Wednesday, noon to 4pm at iHouse.

Don\'t forget to upload your resume at
[[ucbstartupfair.com]{.underline}](http://ucbstartupfair.com/), rsvp to
the [[facebook
event,]{.underline}](https://www.facebook.com/events/524983644190776/?fref=ts)
come to the event to check out opportunities at startups, and all that
fancy stuff.

Furthermore, CSUA is hosting this event alongside IEEE and HKN, so it\'s
crucial that we get ourmembers to take one hour volunteer shifts at the
event so that all runs smoothly. You get free a T-shirt (it\'s a
dark-grey-blue color and super shmexy), food, and an opportunity to talk
to companies as a volunteer from CSUA.

As I said before, it\'s important that we get our members out there.
Please sign up on the [[google
doc]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0AvfHOdUfdiP8dFdCRW9QWnVRZDQ1VnEwUmNWX0t5Nnc#gid=1)
now so we know those spots are filled.

Thanks, and see you later!

Hina Sakazaki

\-\-\--

Mon, Feb 25, 2013 at 12:52 PM

Hello lovely CSUA members!

Our [[new]{.underline}
[website]{.underline}](http://www.csua.berkeley.edu/index.html) is
*finally* up!

Obviously, this is only the first step towards having an effective
website, so I appreciate any input/critiques/comments.

I already have a huge list of things to change. It\'ll have to wait
until after my two huge midterms today and tomorrow.

In other news, as I sent out an email yesterday, Startup Fair is on
Wednesday.

Thanks to everyone who signed up to volunteer; don\'t forget your shift!

Upload your resumes and get ready to charm those startup recruiters.

Check out our sample interview questions at the social lounge.

Hackathon will be on March 8th-9th.

We have promising sponsors and great prizes. Don\'t forget to come out.

And as always, come visit our social lounge at 311 Soda, or study lounge
in 343 Soda.

We\'re running out of ginger beer, but we\'ll restock it\... hopefully,
tonight.

Best,

Hina Sakazaki

\-\--

Fri, Mar 1, 2013 at 11:01 PM

Hey, cool kids!

If you haven\'t heard yet, we\'re having our Spring 2013 Hackathon next
weekend!

![](media/image2.png)

It starts 6pm on Friday (March 8th) and ends at noon on Saturday. It\'ll
be at the Wozniak Lounge in Soda hall.

Meraki\'s sponsoring, and we\'ll give you lots of food, caffeine, energy
drinks, and encouragement so you and your team (\< 4) can make whatever
you want.

Here are the prizes:

1st place: 27-inch monitors

2nd place: Das Keyboards and Logitech G9 mice

3rd place: Logitech G940 wireless headphones

We\'re also giving out Amazon Web Service credits, Dropbox codes, and
other swag.

If you have any questions, feel free to email me back at
outreach@csua.berkeley.edu or come by our social lounge at 311 Soda
(we\'re open usually 9am-9pm\... sometimes 2am.)

RSVP to the facebook event
[[here]{.underline}](https://www.facebook.com/events/489775144392543/?fref=ts).

So go grab your friend, and we\'ll code to make many different things!!!

It\'s going to be an adventure.

Best,

Hina Sakazaki

\-\--

Thu, Mar 7, 2013 at 1:31 AM

Dearest CSUA member,

I hope you are having a wonderful week!

Prizes are shipping in, judges list is consolidating, and hey, do you
smell hot pizza, midnight sushi, sweet muffins and bagels with schmears,
and delicious pasta? Do you hear the sounds of keyboards clacking and
people thinking? I wonder what time it is\...

Of course, it\'s the [[CSUA
Hackathon]{.underline}](http://www.csua.berkeley.edu/sp13hackathon.html),
happening this Friday 6pm at the Wozniak Lounge!!!

The prizes list have been updated to include even moar exciting stuffs,
thanks to
[[ReadyForce\']{.underline}](http://www.readyforce.com/rf/marketing/landing)s
sponsorship in addition to
[[Meraki]{.underline}](http://www.meraki.com/), our primary sponsor.

First time hacking? Don\'t be intimidated. We\'ll have \"noob project\"
suggestions and as always, helpful people around.

If you have any questions, come by our Social Lounge at 311 Soda. We\'re
open almost all of the time, but to be helpful, let\'s just say we\'re
open from 10am to 10pm.

You best not miss out!

\-\--

Tue, Mar 12, 2013 at 6:40 PM

Hey everyone,

Thanks for coming out to Hackathon!

It was a great success: \>=145 people attended (according to facebook)
and 34 teams presented!

If any attendees have any suggestions for next semester, do let me know.

We want to keep improving our events.

Now, for our upcoming events.

-   Paintball\... 3/30 \[Tentative, maybe with HKN\]

-   Coding for Grub\... 4/5

-   General Meeting 2\... 4/17

-   Alumni BBQ\... 4/28

-   General Meeting 3\... 5/2

-   Another LAN Party!\... 5/5

So don\'t forget to mark your calendars, and come by our office at 311
Soda anytime for more details!

Also, check out my \"hack\" at the
[[http://www.csua.berkeley.edu/]{.underline}](http://www.csua.berkeley.edu/)
\... Do you notice anything that changed? (It\'s okay if you don\'t)

It took about 3 seconds at the hackathon to implement it. :)

That\'s it for now!!

Hina Sakazaki

\-\--

Wed, Mar 27, 2013 at 1:35 PM

Dearest CSUA members,

We have many exciting events coming up this April!

Coding for Grub is on **April 5th, 6pm at the Wozniak Lounge.**

One of our great professors here at Berkeley will give you a problem,
and you and your team can solve it!

We\'ll probably have Chinese food or Zachary\'s Pizza for you to eat.
RSVP
[[here]{.underline}](https://www.facebook.com/events/156144831214301/?fref=ts)
to the facebook event.

Details will come soon!

Professor Harvey just emailed us for volunteers to help out for Scratch
Lab stuff on **April 20th at 330 Soda.**

Sign up
[[here]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0AoSxdYtoChAhdGhKVTlqTzJONS0zaE15eUlvbjBTM2c#gid=0)
for slots beginning 10am ending at 4pm.

He\'s our super cool advisor, and it\'s important to help out in the CS
community. Sign up now!!!!!!

Don\'t forget to come to our General Meeting on **April 27th, at 6pm in
the Wozniak Lounge.**

We\'ll be discussing a lot of important issues/events, including the
election of our VP Tech!

Our Alumni BBQ is on **April 28th, 3pm at the Wozniak Lounge**.

This is a great opportunity to socialize with our alumni who are keeping
it real in the real world.

RSVP
[[here]{.underline}](https://www.facebook.com/events/320853011351228/?fref=ts)!

See you around, feel free to come by and hang out at our office at 311
Soda.

We\'re open during Spring Break too, always ready to serve you!

Faithfully,

Hina Sakazaki

\-\-\-\--

Wed, Apr 3, 2013 at 8:34 PM

Attention please!

I hope you had a great Spring Break, and welcome back to fun, fun
school!

Don\'t forget CSUA\'s **Coding for Grub** this **Friday at 6pm in the
Wozniak Lounge.**

[**[Professor Shewchuk]{.underline}**](http://www.cs.berkeley.edu/~jrs/)
is our host-judge professor, and he\'s going to provide a super chill
programming problem for all of you to solve! RSVP to the facebook event
[[here]{.underline}](https://www.facebook.com/events/156144831214301/?fref=ts).
If you have any questions, don\'t hesitate to reach me at
outreach@csua.berkeley.edu.

See you there, and don\'t forget our [[GM
\#2]{.underline}](https://www.facebook.com/events/358363007614876/?fref=ts)
next week on April 10th at 7pm in the Woz.

Faithfully,

Hina Sakazaki

\-\-\--

Sun, Apr 7, 2013 at 4:45 PM

Happy Sunday everyone,

Coding for Grub was a huge success, thanks to Professor Shewchuk and all
of you who came out to the event.

Our second general club meeting is happening this Wednesday at 7pm in
the Wozniak Lounge. RSVP to the [[facebook
event]{.underline}](https://www.facebook.com/events/358363007614876/)!
We\'ll discuss club stuff, events, and will maybe have a speaker. If it
ends early, we can just chill out and get to know each other. I did send
out an email that said it will be on the 27th, but nope, it\'s going to
be on the 10th!

See you there! Meanwhile, check out our other events such as the [[Ice
Cream
Social]{.underline}](https://www.facebook.com/events/244334922377911/)
on the 17th and[[Alumni
BBQ]{.underline}](https://www.facebook.com/events/320853011351228/) on
the 28th. Also, [[sign
up]{.underline}](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0AoSxdYtoChAhdGhKVTlqTzJONS0zaE15eUlvbjBTM2c#gid=0)
for volunteering on Cal Day (4-20) at the Scratch Lab, where you\'ll
teach kids about very basic programming.

Lots going on this month! Good luck with school and see you at the
office at 311 Soda!

Faithfully,

Hina Sakazaki

\-\--

Tue, Apr 9, 2013 at 10:03 PM

Hey everyone!

I hope you haven\'t forgotten about our General Meeting tomorrow at 7pm.
We\'re wearing Industry T-shirts for our group pics! Also, join our
[[facebook
group]{.underline}](https://www.facebook.com/groups/csuahosers/?ref=ts&fref=ts)!
You\'ll be more informed about our events and what\'s going on.

Anyway, the point of this email is to let you know that we have planned
a joint paintball with our friends at **HKN** \<3 for this Sunday the
14th. **All Gear and Paint will be provided!** We are going to head out
around 11am and Paintball from about noon until 4pm. Water and snacks
will be provided.

It\'s about a 40 minute drive and we are allocating \~20 minutes to pick
up food on the way there.

The website for Paintball Jungle can be found
[[here.]{.underline}](http://www.paintballjungle.com/Paintball_Jungle/PAINTBALL_JUNGLE.html)

What to bring:

\- Clothes that you don\'t mind getting slightly stained, and that cover
a majority of your skin.

\- Close toed shoes.

\- Cash for lunch.

Please email me at outreach@csua.berkeley.edu if you would like to
come, and let us know if you can drive. We are looking to get around 15
people, but more would be awesome.

Faithfully,

Hina Sakazaki

CSUA Outreach

\-\--

Wed, Apr 24, 2013 at 12:52 PM

Happy Wednesday!

Don\'t forget the [[General Meeting
\#3]{.underline}](https://www.facebook.com/events/515222418513494/?ref=ts&fref=ts)
next Wednesday at 6:30pm at the Wozniak Lounge!

Amendments will proposed and politburo (the leadership of the CSUA) will
be elected. Please come to run for positions! Dinner will be provided,
but you should come for the sake of discussing important club affairs.

Check the current constitution and our roles
[[here]{.underline}](http://www.csua.berkeley.edu/constitution.html).

[[This]{.underline}](http://www.csua.berkeley.edu/amendmentsp13gm3.html)
is the amendment that will be proposed at the meeting by Andrew
Toulouse. Be sure to look through it and be ready to discuss! Basically,
the amendment will shrink 7-person politburo to 5 people. This will be
voted on before we elect our politburo. Email me if the link doesn\'t
work; it\'s important that everyone knows what\'s going on before coming
to the meeting.

See you at the [[Alumni BBQ
t]{.underline}](https://www.facebook.com/events/320853011351228/)his
Sunday at 3pm in the Wozniak Lounge, and be sure to RSVP to the[[Brian
Harvey Dinner
Party]{.underline}](https://www.facebook.com/events/125113714348808/?fref=ts)
(May 4th, 7:30pm) before Friday by paying a \$10 nonrefundable fee and
emailing me at outreach@csua.berkeley.edu.

Faithfully,

Hina Sakazaki
