Attendance : Hina, Rahul, Tristan, Leo, Sarah, Diego, Elizabeth, Collin,
Rodney, Paul, Brandon, Sherry

AGENDA: Aliases, Website, Tshirt, cleaning, Townhall, Officer Apps,
Costco, Board Game Night, Sponsors

[7:41pm Meeting start]{.underline}

-\> Motion to talk about Kanye West, blah blah. Dropped.

[Aliases (7:41 - 7:47pm)]{.underline}

website is:
[[www.csua.berkeley.edu]{.underline}](http://www.csua.berkeley.edu)

However, previously things like

www.fornicate.csua.berkeley.edu

also linked to our wepage.

Collin removed all the aliases that were not useful.

Proposal: Make it so that anything i.e. (\_\_\_.csua.berkeley.edu) will
redirect them to our webpage.

***Resolution***: Made it so that anything (\_\_\_.csua.berkeley.edu)
will redirect them to our webpage. (Hats off to Collin).

[Website (7:47- 7:56pm) we have JS! ]{.underline}

Things we want : Photo Albums, Add to mailing list, i.e. One thing
brought up is that do we just want a wordpress? Everyone seems to be
leaning towards no.

Hina asked for help making a webpage from scratch. A few people
expressed interest but\...

Wordpress seems to be more convenient since it has a lot of features
that are already built in that we can just use instead of writing from
scratch.

***Resolution***: Keep everyone updated on what we do in terms of
website, there seems to be a lot of people expressing interest in
working on the website. Brandon has been assigned to looking into
building a webpage via wordpress by Hina.

[CSUA TShirts (7:57 - 7:59) ]{.underline}

***Resolution*** : Tirumari designs it. Simple!

[Office Affairs (7:59 - 8:23pm)]{.underline}

*Furniture Surplus* -\> We will look at surplus EECS furniture tomorrow
at 2:15pm (11 July 2013) to determine what we want. Mini fridge has to
go.

*Tab Board*: What are we doing? Proposed getting a small tablet. For
now, we will just clean it up a little bit during the new school year
until we decide on a more solid decision.

*Office Cleaning:* Apparently I don't need to go through training, I can
just go ask for our charge string number to complete billing for office
cleaning. Sherry will get on it ASAP.

TownHall -\> Proposal : Email vote instead so that it's more accessible
for everyone. We want everyone to be involved so this opens up the
opportunity for everyone who wants to vote to vote. This is tentative,
but it's an idea and one that seems to be approved by most of the people
here.

Officers applying in the summer for fall -\> Should we allow? Politburo
vote: No. Wait till fall

Costco Runs : \<3 Paul (Friday 12 July 2013)

Games for the office : AVALON copy (Haan?) Other things, secretary needs
to dig that up.

Board Game Nights : Bonding and stuff. Yay! Wednesday night 20th of July
2013. (7pm + ) WoZ!

[Sponsors (8:23pm-8:35)]{.underline}

Meraki is willing to sponsor \$7,000. However Lilly has some beef with
Meraki and wants to charge them. We were thinking of making it a general
sponsorship but with a little bit of specific events here and there.

\$2500 for Hackathon (Rackspace)

Facebook -\> some amount, Rahul is still negotiating

\$2500 from Microsoft per year, one semester with and one semester
without.
