Internal Events Planning:

\<Sherry Xu\>

***[Welcome Back Social - 24th January 2014]{.underline}***
![](media/image2.gif)

[To Do List (feel free to add to this):]{.underline}

Order west coast pizza (Wednesday?)

Sherry is getting Woz Access For Event \[ \]

Tristan and Hina is Doing the Costco Run for event \[ \]

\_\_\_\_\_\_ is Order Costco Pizzas for event \[ \]

\_\_\_\_\_\_ is picking up Costco Pizzas for event \[ \]

**[Ideas]{.underline}** : Hot Chocolate, Cookies, Pizza, Potato Salad,
Soda, Chips, Yogurt, Sushi

*[I'm going to plan ahead for Pizza, Potato Salad, Soda. Maybe
Chips.]{.underline}*

Why I choose this:

Hot Chocolate requires a water boiler, and in massive quantities. Water
needs time to boil and we don't exactly have industrial strength water
boilers that can hold large quantities of water and be able to boil
water quickly. While a good idea for winter, it isn't the best idea for
a large scale event. Soda is easier to obtain. Also from last welcome
week potato salad was a big hit, it went by very quickly, plus it's
pretty sanitary and easy to obtain.

Costco pizza is easy to get in large quantities, it's cost effective,
has no cooking time or preparation time, and is easy to serve to a large
crowd of students. Remember that this is a large event that caters to a
lot of students. Last welcome week we had about 150-180 turnout, so we
should expect the same if a little bit less this semester.

**[Food and Quantities (plan for 200 people -\> i.e. 280 slices)
:]{.underline}**

[Pizza]{.underline} : See Hina's email

(20 pizzas \* 8 slices/pizza = 160). I think this is enough, maybe we
should order more? Let me know what you think. This will feed everyone
if we have similar turnout numbers.

Since we\'re expecting max 100 people (because the fb event says 37
people are attending)

I would say order half of that, like:

[Potato Salad]{.underline} : 5-6 tubs. Last time we got 3 and it ran out
super early, so we should opt for 7-8 tubs of potato salad in order to
prevent this.

[Soda:]{.underline} 2 Coke, 2 Sprite, 1 Dr Pepper, 2 Waters, 1 Diet
Coke/Coke Zero, 1 Combo Pepsi Pack (With the Rootbeer and Crush etc).
(We can actually overbuy soda and use it to stock up the CSUA. This is
barebones minimum for the event though, please don't be afraid to
grossly overbuy)

[Chips:]{.underline} 10-15 Bags of chips. Up to buyers discretion. (take
into account size, quantity, etc)

[Plates/Napkins/Utensils:]{.underline} Buy enough for event and extras
for office.

**[Event Details]{.underline}**

Start time :5pm. Should start setting up in the Woz 30-40 MINUTES
before. Pizza should arrive between this time and the start of the
event.

Setup \[ 5pm \](\~30-40 minutes)

Hina will probably give some introduction at the beginning of the event
(\~15 mins)

People will get food (all throughout)

Bring some board games? Just let people socialize? (all throughout)

Make sure people get out at the end of the event (end time 11pm)

Cleanup \[11pm\](\~15-25 minutes)
