4/21/15 Meeting Minutes

Attend: Claire, Rodney, Robert, Ryan, Sanath, Chris, Megan, Youdong,
Jason, Susanna, Michelle, David, Leo, Jessie, Eranda

Late: Jonathan, Ana

Mixer Event for Cal bay area interns (5/5)

-   Rodney

<!-- -->

-   Event happening in Memorial glade,

-   He wants to reach out to all student groups

    -   Let him know by Thursday or Friday

-   WE need to do :

    -   advertise

    -   showup

-   Aiming: 250 - 300 people, serving pizza

-   Seems like a good way to find roommates/carpools

-   Do we want to participate?

    -   We need to make sure that we have people show up

    -   make a sign up sheet

    -   will do -\> Claire will email

Faculty Retreat (4/23)

-   Claire is going

Hack++ with ASUS (4/26)

-   Jonathan

-   Original idea is for study

-   can we add additional aspect: charity

    -   pay a dollar for raffle every hour

    -   in return people will earn points cards, backpack, and t-shirts
        and swags and stuff

    -   Maybe gaming aspect?

    -   he can publicize it on facebook page of berkeley thingy

    -   worried a little bit about not making all of the money back

        -   ASUS is fronting a lot of the money and they aren't worried
            about making it back

-   Do we want to change the name?

    -   Yes -\> want to emphasize the fun aspect of it

    -   Jonathan will check to see if ASUS already has a name for this

    -   Will need to change the facebook page/poster (Michelle)

        -   Michelle will try to get the posters printed by tomorrow

        -   ASUS already has a poster

-   It looks like ASUS will be getting food

    -   we are checking to make sure that ASUS can cover food

    -   Westcoast

        -   Cheesey sticks have been requested

        -   Ryan will order pizza by Friday

-   Do we want to reach out to other student groups?

    -   Megan will talk to League club thingy

-   Pick a charity for the event?

    -   might just let ASUS pick the event

    -   could make a poll in the facebook event

Event possible with a company who wish to bring Chinese high school
students to cal and learn something about Computer Science - more detail
tonight

-   Charles's mom wants to bring some high school students on campus for
    a lectures about 61A/CS10

    -   Over the summer

-   Is this even legal?

    -   Not sure, need to check with the department

-   We don't know how many people since they say it depends on the cost

-   Are we going to be teaching?

    -   Charles will talk to the 61A instructors

-   They want us to print certificates for them

    -   this seems kinda pointless, but apparently it would make them
        feel better

-   We think that they should go through the department, rather than us

Cal Day

-   +/delta

    -   it went great :)

LAN Party (4/24)

-   Megan and Robert checked that the switch and the wired AirBears
    works

-   Robert will double check that Pnunez works on all computers

    -   should be good

-   Megan will make sure that everything is labeled and logged

-   Megan will make sure that we have enough people to help out for
    setup

    -   need some nice strong helpers to carry up all the computers and
        the TV

-   Megan will double check that HKN is bringing food

-   Megan will make a fbook event

Alumni BBQ (4/25 12 - 3pm)

-   Claire reminded alumni today

    -   if you know any alumni, please invite!!

-   Turnout looks like \~40 people

-   Jeremy might not be able to make it

    -   is there anyone else who knows how to grill?

    -   Megan/Claire/ some alum will help us figure it out :)

    -   Ryan and Claire will come at 11:15 to start cookin'

-   If anyone is around on friday night, please put the patties in the
    fridge!

GM \#3 (5/1)

-   If you're interested in running for a position, ask the person who
    currently holds it to find out more

    -   also come to the office and let people get to know you :)

-   We will vote on candidates who are running unopposed

    -   make them go outside

-   Can get a written note of consent from a candidate if they cannot
    make it to GM3

-   Food:

-   Signup sheet

    -   Megan will make it

-   Michelle will make a facebook event

    -   no need to make flyers

-   It looks Jeff and Jeremy/Collin will be moderators for this event

-   Claire will do the presentation

Office Misc

-   New User

    -   it was borked, but it seems to be fixed now (thanks Tech
        Chu/Collin!)

        -   Tech Chang will go talk to them about it

-   Unsubscribing

    -   no real way to do this in an automated way

-   Office Cleaning!

    -   super good cleaning session this Friday during the LAN party

-   Pretty door thingy!

    -   David wants to make a nice sign for the office door

-   Non-officers touching the money drawer

    -   put a sign on the dra

ACTION ITEMS

Michelle:

-   Get the posters printed by tomorrow

    -   Add CSUA onto the poster

-   Change the ASUS Hack ++ facebook event

-   make a facebook event for GM3

Megan:

-   Talk to League club about ASUS event

    -   make a poll for the charity of choice

-   Make a signup sheet for the Mixer event

-   label and log all of the equipment that is taken to the LAN party

-   Megan will double check that HKN is bringing food

-   Megan will make a facebook group for the event

-   Get woz access for the alumni bbq

-   get foods for GM 3

-   make a signup sheet for GM 3

Ryan

-   Order Pizza for the ASUS event for 50-80 people

-   cheesy sticks!!!

Claire

-   Respond to Rodney about the mixer event

-   Respond to Charles about the student thing

-   go shopping with Jack on Friday for the Alumni BBQ

Robert

-   Talk to Tech Chu and Collin about how they fixed new user

-   send an email to Iris about registering the mail thingy (ask Collin)
