11/8/16 Meeting Agenda

Couldn't make it to the meeting but have feedback? Submit it through our
anonymous feedback form:
[[bit.ly/CSUA\_feedback]{.underline}](http://bit.ly/CSUA_feedback)

-   OpenTable +/Δ

    -   \+

        -   

    -   Δ

        -   Too quiet

            -   Give the speaker a microphone!

        -   The talk was long\...

-   Hackathon +/Δ

    -   \+

        -   Lots of people showed up!

        -   We handed out food really well! Gloves, good rationing, etc.

    -   Δ

        -   Lots of people showed up!

        -   Food came late :(

        -   People are bound to leave.

        -   People came just to eat and do homework.

            -   \-\-- This isn't unique to the CSUA hackathon!

        -   Not enough people with authority walking around.

            -   More officer volunteers?

            -   Not many officers are experienced with running a
                hackathon (given that many are new officers)

        -   It was run poorly :(

            -   No keys/access to overflow rooms.

                -   Neil managed to keep them open though.

    -   Improvements:

        -   We should have a sign-in sheet.

            -   In the past this wasn't necessary, because lesser
                amounts of people.

        -   A presentation?

            -   At this time, expect this activity!!

            -   Dinner, events, etc.

            -   Plus a timer on the screen!

        -   @Neil will write up a hackathon document for future
            hackathons.

        -   Orientation for future officers?

        -   Food got here a bit late.

        -   

    -   Microsoft dropped out at the last minute :(

    -   Make this more official?

    -   Hackathon Committee??

        -   Perhaps necessary, perhaps not.

        -   It's not been necessary in the past. Maybe we need it
            because we've scaled so big now?

        -   But splitting up work creates more work than usual.

        -   Having a committee beforehand isn't the best idea - it's not
            that much work to order stuff.

        -   Sign-up sheet will be useful though!

    -   Was the talk itself valuable? Was it a good time?

        -   Propose: talk right before judging?

            -   Nah. Most people will leave.

        -   Having tech talks like this before the hacking is pretty
            typical for any hackathon.

-   Board games 11/9 5-8

    -   Study hall? Open room??

    -   If y'all want board game night, come to the office!

    -   Neil: 6PM.

-   Capital One 11/10 5:30

    -   Barak! Food.

    -   We need to order.

-   Nvidia 11/14 6

    -   Same thing.

-   CoreOS 11/17

    -   Same thing.

-   GM \#3 12/02

    -   Vote for next semester's PB!

    -   If you're interested in being PB - come talk to the respective
        current PB!

-   Tahoe Trip/Cars

    -   December 3rd-5th

    -   3 minivans! Lil' soccer moms.

        -   Plus one cancer car.

    -   If you're not already on Slack, get on it. There are
        announcements there

    -   There are 12 beds. Priority will be given to drivers!

        -   After that.... Lottery!

        -   Please don't put 8 people into the same bed.

        -   If you're Ray and you're okay with sleeping with Jonathan
            and Caleb in the same bed then come talk to Neil.

        -   In general if you're okay with sleeping in the same bed as
            someone else, go talk to Neil!

        -   Also, common sleepover room!

        -   \*\*\*If you have a sleeping bag and are okay with bringing
            it, let Neil know\*\*\*

    -   No snow...... but that means a good hike can happen!

        -   Snow doesn't come until late December.

        -   Bring twenty to fifty dollars for yourselves, solely for
            food, drinks, so on.

        -   Keep volume down! There are neighbors.

-   Misc:

    -   Costco

        -   Megan wants to do it. But Megan doesn't have money. So Megan
            will not do it.

        -   Yitz might do it??

    -   EECS Budget

        -   Satish Rao came!

        -   Administration costs way too much :c

        -   Our plan of action is more articles and make a bunch of
            noise and so on.

        -   Problem: EECS doesn't really want to make noise about this..

        -   But we have to!

    -   Tech

        -   We are not going to be buying new computers unless we get
            STF grant money.

        -   For now, upgrade the computers that we have!

            -   New CPU cooling fans

        -   Our hypervisor is old :C

    -   Volume. Holy Shit.

        -   Too loud.

        -   Even if it's not business hours, the room shouldn't be too
            loud.

        -   We know we're a social club but... still. Don't be too loud.

    -   Officer points

        -   Slightly restructured! Three columns, one for each event to
            help out at, then one more column for miscellaneous points.

            -   After an event, you should check if your row has you
                marked down for the respective event.

    -   YouTube??

        -   Videos of tech talks/infosession?

        -   Interesting ideas?

    -   Ideas for where we can take the CSUA?

        -   Tutoring?

            -   Naahh... that's already UPE/HKN territory.

        -   Maybe we can just do more workshops? Now that H@B is gone.

-   End of prosps!

    -   Kevin Wang

    -   Jeffrey Zhang

-   PB only
