***Fall 2016***![](media/image2.png)

*This document is a list of the various ways a company can sponsor an
event at Berkeley EECS.*

*Numbers are estimates, and different fees can be negotiated.*

**Why Partner with the CSUA?**

Thank you for considering partnering with the Computer Science
Undergraduate Association (CSUA) at UC Berkeley. The CSUA is one of
Berkeley's oldest clubs and has continuously existed since the creation
of the Computer Science division. Our mission is to serve the CS and
EECS undergraduate community with an enriching variety of events like
hackathons, info sessions, tech talks, workshops, department brunches,
faculty lunches, and the biannual startup fair. We are the largest club
in the department and have a broad reach among undergraduates.

By partnering with the CSUA for an event, you can bring quality material
to UC Berkeley CS undergrads and increase company awareness and interest
on campus. In return, the CSUA will organize all logistics of the event,
and will list you on the CSUA website
([[csua.berkeley.edu]{.underline}](http://csua.berkeley.edu/)) as a
valued sponsor for this semester. With over 30 years of experience with
planning events, we can help you make the most of your event at
Berkeley.

If you have any questions, please get in touch by emailing
[indrel@csua.berkeley.edu]{.underline}. If you would like to design a
custom event that does not fit into any of these categories please
contact us to help you craft your event. Thank you for your support!

**1. Tech Talk**

***Description***: Companies can present research they are currently
doing (speakers are usually engineers), show new technology/products
being developed, or discuss the current field of computer science
industry. Students can ask questions about the field and what the
company is working on.

***Benefits***: Companies will gain awareness on campus. Students may
find that they want to work on similar subject as tech talk and apply to
company for jobs/internships. Highly cost effective way to meet with
students at Berkeley EECS.

*Length of Event*: Evening (2 hours)

*Typical Attendance*: 70-200 students (depends on talk subject)

*Sponsorship*: \$1000 - 1475

*Sponsorship Goes To*:

-   Food (dinner)

-   Flyers/advertising

-   Room reservation

**2. Info Session (CAP Program)**

*Requirement: only members of the Berkeley EECS CAP program may request
this event. Other companies must select another event.*

***Description***: This is similar to a tech talk, but companies are not
limited in simply discussing new research/technology/products. They can
actively discuss their open positions, and typical job descriptions.
They can solicit resumes and have events such as resume raffles. The
company must be a part of the [[Corporate Access
Program](http://www.eecs.berkeley.edu/XRG/ilp.shtml) (CAP)]{.underline}.

***Benefits***: Companies gain all the benefits of a normal tech talk
with the added advantage of being able to actively accept resumes with
departmental approval.

*Length of Event*: Evening (2 hours)

*Typical Attendance*: 70-200 students (depends on popularity of company)

*Sponsorship*: Through the EECS Department

*Sponsorship Goes To*:

-   Food (dinner)

-   Flyers/advertising

-   Room reservation

**3. Hackathon**

***Description***: This long event is a time for students to hack
together on projects, which they will present at the end of the event.
Hackathons usually begin at the start of the weekend (Friday afternoon)
and end on the next day after lunch. Hackers code through the night
while provided with foods, snacks, and energy drinks.

***Benefits***: Companies will be able to view (and judge) hacks built
by students in order to view talent at UC Berkeley. Students will also
be able to showcase their work, and dedicate their time to exploring
projects outside the scope of their coursework. Companies will be able
to see relevant student projects first hand.

*Length of Event*:

-   18 - 24 hours

*Typical Attendance*:

-   200-300 students, 30 presented hacks

*Sponsorship Levels:*

-   *Platinum*: \$6000 (7 reps, 5 or more judges, integrated full length
    tech talk, Gold benefits)

-   *Gold*: \$4000 (5 reps, 3 judges, 40 minute tech talk, Silver
    Benefits)

-   *Silver*: \$2500 (3 reps, 1 judges, 15 minute talk on company,
    ability to be named to choose and endow a prize, Bronze benefits)

-   *Bronze*: \$1700 (3 reps, more prominent logo on website, 1 judge,
    Blue benefits)

-   *Blue*: \$700 (1 rep, logo on flyer and website, swag distribution
    from company, company logo and summary posted on Hackathon website)

*Sponsorship Funding Goes To*:

-   Food (dinner, breakfast, lunch)

-   Snacks & drinks, flyers/advertising

-   Prizes

-   Hardware (if desired)

-   Room reservations

**4. Coding For Grub**

***Description***: This is a shorter version of a hackathon where
students do not work on their own projects. Rather, the company
representative will present a technical problem for students to solve.
For example, a problem created by Cisco Meraki was to design a player in
an iterative prisoner's dilemma round-robin competition in Python.

***Benefits***: Companies will be able to view (and judge) the coded
solutions to their unique presented problem by Berkeley's CS students.
This type of event will help companies quickly identify potential
candidates.

*Length of Event*: 4 hours (may be extended to 8 hours)

*Typical Attendance*: 100-200 students

*Sponsorship***:** \$2000

*Sponsorship Goes To*:

-   Food (dinner)

-   Flyers/advertising

-   Prizes

-   Room reservation

**5. Puzzle Challenge/Case Study**

***Description***: This is a non-coding case study or puzzle based event
where students attempt to solve a technical or theoretical problem
presented by a company. This sort of event may be used to gauge a
prospective employee's ability to reason logically in a non-coding
environment. We are happy to assist companies in gauging whether a
puzzle challenge or a case study is appropriate for them.

***Benefits***: Companies will be able to directly observe, test and
judge student solutions and approaches to solutions. This type of event
will help companies quickly identify potential candidates.

*Length of Event*: 4-5 hours (can be extended to a 6-8 hours)

*Typical Attendance*: 100-200 students

*Sponsorship***:** \$2000 for a 4-5 hour event

*Sponsorship Goes To*:

-   Food (dinner)

-   Flyers/advertising

-   Prizes

-   Room reservation

**6. Resume Workshop (CAP Program)**

***Description***: Company staff and engineers will individually
critique resumes as students finish them for the new school year.

***Benefits***: The company will be able to meet students in a very
private environment and accurately gauge resumes, with the student
present. This event is a great way to identify potential talent for the
company.

*Length of Event*: 2-4 hours

*Typical Attendance*: 50 - 150 students

*Sponsorship***:** \$1300 for a 2-4 hour event

*Sponsorship Goes To*:

-   Food

-   Flyers/advertising

-   Room reservation

**7. Startup Fair Table**

*Requirement: Company is a startup (defined as having existed less than
five years or/and having fewer than 200 employees). For companies who do
not meet these guidelines please consider a tech talk.*

***Description:*** The CSUA, IEEE, and HKN partner to host a career fair
once a semester. Companies may purchase one table to actively recruit
students and solicit resumes.

***Benefits:*** Companies can actively recruit students without paying
department industrial liaison fees (due to startup size). A major
advantage is that smaller startups will not be overshadowed by larger
companies (such as Google or Facebook). Companies can receive resumes
and can invite students to off-campus interviews for jobs/internships.
This fair is perhaps the greatest and most cost effective way for
startups to recruit at Berkeley.

*Length of Event:* 6 hours

*Typical Attendance:* 45 companies, 800 students

*Sponsorship***:** \$750 (One Table)

*Sponsorship Goes To:*

-   Room reservation

-   Flyers/advertising

-   Food for recruiters

-   Misc. (placards, name tag holders, shirts, etc.)

![](media/image7.jpg)

![](media/image6.png)

![](media/image8.png)
