Attendance: Kevin, Anna, Jason, Jimmy, Ray, JT, Kartik, Sid, Tushar,
Yitz, Eric, Caleb, Megan, Dani, Barak, Neil

And Jessica and Jason!

Late: Nina

Feedback form: https://goo.gl/forms/wvdMo83kiNB9MEjF3

3/9 meeting agenda

-   da club,

    -   \+

        -   Was fun!

    -   Δ

        -   Walking to BART was hard.

    -   We go again next friday?

-   Salesforce,

    -   \+

        -   Good turnout!

        -   Speaker was great. And they were happy!

    -   Δ

        -   Ran out of food...

    -   Give companies a restaurant-menu to choose from?

-   Startup fair,

    -   \+

        -   Went well!

    -   Δ

        -   Not enough shirts.

        -   The total number of shirts this year was good? But
            distribution was bad.

    -   Megan is the only person sticking around for Startup Fair next
        year from the leaders?

    -   Maybe make this happan earlier..?

        -   Because companies are done hiring for internships?

        -   Not true for Startups.

        -   Maybe we should make the startup fair happen 2 weeks earlier

        -   But we have too many events during that time

    -   Barcode scanners are a lot of fun!

-   CV

    -   \+

        -   All positive feedback!

        -   People who went to Git too also said that this one was
            better.

        -   Got things installed on CSUA server so that people wouldn't
            have issues with downloading

    -   Δ

        -   Put it into an iPython notebook rather than a script?

    -   If we got iPython notebooks running for all of our workshops,
        that'd be pretty cool.

    -   6 people attended!

    -   Probably wasn't publicized enough? Only a few people marked
        \*going\*

    -   ML@B is copying us :(

        -   During our workshops, they put up events on Facebook
            relevant to our topics

        -   They don't really care what other clubs do?

        -   This isn't our problem - if ML@B has an issue with this,
            they can talk to us.

        -   They didn't really have many workshops last year - they're
            suddenly making these on the spot?

        -   This doesn't mean much to us unless they're plagiarizing.

        -   Megan will go to the workshop to check.

-   GM2 3/10

    -   GM 2 is tomorrow!

    -   Tushar's dad is coming.

    -   Good Chinese food!

-   Opentable 3/15

    -   Cancelleeeeeddddd.

-   Paper reading 3/16

    -   More paper reading!

    -   Make a Facebook group @Mish

    -   Attendance is more regular now!

-   Blizzard 3/22

    -   Details being finalized

    -   No requests yet

-   Palo Alto Networks?

    -   Too far ahead. In the works.

-   Food

    -   CS people don't manage nutrition very well :c

    -   People sacrifice eating because they don't have time. Not
        because they have no money!

    -   How do we address this?

        -   Loren: We currently buy food in bulk every week to three
            weeks. Can we buy a batch of evening meals and sell them at
            cost? Buy a meal around the same time every week and sell
            that?

        -   Megan: We can make one person in charge of that.

        -   Sid: Imperfect produce? One box to the CSUA?

        -   Neil: I like Loren's idea. The issue is that if we do it on
            a weekly basis, it might not be sustainable in terms of
            money?

        -   Yitz: It's certainly sustainable in terms of money. We have
            lots.

        -   Sid: Make a poll on FB?

        -   Tushar: Gauge how much we need?

        -   Ray: Is this even legal..?

        -   Naahhh.....

        -   Caleb: Talking to EECS dept is probably the wrong way to go.
            Either we do *everything* right, or we just fly under the
            radar instead.

        -   Neil: We want to offer more to students staying late in
            Soda. Healthier alternatives? Tell EECS dept that we're
            interested in helping students make better choices; how can
            they help us?

    -   \...Soylent......????

        -   No con to trying it out for one box.

        -   Full nutrition! +1!

        -   Bottle-form, not powder.

    -   Keurig?

        -   Higher quality coffee!

        -   Sell by the ounce or something?

        -   We'll need hot cups too.

        -   +1. Let's try it.

    -   Weekly Dinner?

        -   Megan and Neil will go talk to Nicole.

    -   Imperfect Produce

        -   Good idea! We can try it.

    -   Someone else mentioned that not many people eat breakfast.

        -   None of us are awake early enough to commit to this\...

    -   There's also a new cafe coming up in the Etch/Soda breezeway!

-   Tracking people at infosessions

    -   Rough head count, then compare to RSVP'd going/interested?

-   Server

    -   Things are going well!

    -   Shall we start keeping track of total usage per month?

    -   People have been keeping the root momentum!!! +1!

    -   Keep the pull requests coming.

-   ASUC People: Adnan + Katya

    -   Introducing Katya!

    -   Currently the only rep from CoE.

        -   Make Beehive have more posts.

        -   Improving STEM mentorship.

            -   Organization mentors don't really respond much?

            -   Have students be able to meet with professors more often

            -   If you're interested in research, be able to get more
                research there!

-   Funds

    -   Venmo works!

    -   Deepak replied!!!!

    -   Megan didn't pick up the 2015 EECS Dept check..

    -   Computer money is here!!!

    -   Finance information doc is useful!

    -   Sid has a new credit card usable for the CSUA!

-   Put all PB phone numbers on Officers drive

-   Socials

    -   Non-CSUA affiliated CS 160 project party tomorrow!

    -   Spring break event??

-   Prosps

    -   Start: Dani Tindan

    -   End: Anna Brewer
