Feedback form: https://goo.gl/forms/wvdMo83kiNB9MEjF3

Attendees: Yannan, Barak, Michelle, Jessica, Anna, Jimmy, Jonathan,
Kartik, Jason, Tushar, Yitz, Megan (kinda), Robert, Emily, Anna, Eric,
Jason \#2

Late: Ray, Nina, Neil

2/16 meeting agenda

-   +/Δ Luminate, Cisco, ML workshop, reading group

-   Facebook Puzzle Hunt 2/17

-   Paper reading 3/2

-   Da Club 3/3

-   Hackathon 3/4-3/5

-   Startup fair 3/8

-   GM2 3/10

-   Yt channel

-   OH

-   Socials!

-   Server

-   Company feedback

-   Funds

-   Prosps

-   Wishlist: showcase, assassins

-   Vday gifts!

Michelle\'s taking notes while Yitz is talking!!! :D

-   +/Δ Luminate

    -   \+

        -   lots of people came b/c we advertised sushi!!

        -   got sushi from Kirala anyway

        -   Robert thought it was interesting, more corporate-focused

        -   Sid said Luminate was happy with it though!!

        -   lots of people stayed afterward to talk

    -   Δ

        -   \"what did we do for Luminate??? oh right not enough
            food\" - Yitz

        -   \"sushi ordering oh god\" - Yitz

        -   turns out that Nude Sushi doesn\'t take orders on Sunday &
            they only open at night

        -   Kirala: less food for more expensive price

        -   someone said speaker was boring (Eric)

        -   Michelle Julie Nina didn\'t clean up enough (sorry Sid
            ;\_\_;)

-   +/Δ Cisco

    -   \+

        -   \"that was quite lit i don\'t know why we had forks and
            knives\" - Barak

        -   we even had extra sushi but stayed under budget!!!!

        -   tuna was good

            -   \"tuna is a great way to measure a sushi place\'s
                quality\" - yitz

            -   \"no it\'s the wasabi\" - eric

        -   Sherry was very surprised/happy with how we pulled
            everything off!!!

        -   Cisco very happy :D

    -   Δ

        -   weird sushi selection: none of the trays had rolls w/fish in
            them

        -   WE NEED CHOPSTICKS

        -   get Cisco to front a hackathon next time pls

-   +/Δ ML workshop

    -   \+

        -   30-40 ppl at the start

        -   ppl who stayed until the end were very interested

    -   Δ

        -   \"the recording shitted out for a moment so I\'m gonna
            re-record that\" - Eric (we don\'t know why it did that)

        -   convey more properly that it\'s a TensorFlow workshop!!!!!

        -   no one installed TensorFlow beforehand

            -   very hard to get it set up on your own

        -   get set up better beforehand next time

        -   put more cool stuff in slides (\"cancer one was more
            interesting\" - eric; \"i wonder why\" - everyone else)

        -   maybe not too many cooler things if Eric had to rush towards
            the end

    -   see prospy Jason\'s +/Δ under Prosps

    -   Mish will post feedback form on FB event

    -   ML at berkeley has a TensorFlow workshop coming up\...

    -   Hopefully deep learning workshop will have more advanced
        students who have already set things up

    -   \"Hit me with fire!!!\" - Eric

-   +/Δ reading group

    -   \+

        -   very good! lots of ppl showed up

        -   Michael targeted the CS group + CS 186 and that was
            successful

        -   Michael bought Subway cut into pieces and that worked well
            for food

    -   Δ

        -   Mish will talk to Michael about reimbursements

-   Facebook Puzzle Hunt 2/17

    -   Sid is handling this but he went home for the weekend!!!! is on
        a flight rn :(

    -   Barak isn\'t going, Eric can\'t go, Emily can\'t do it, rip

        -   Barak is gonna choose someone randomly off the list of
            volunteers to be in charge of Puzzle Hunt??

    -   JT IS IN CHARGE, Bennett will talk to him

    -   in the Woz

    -   FB is handling food, we just need to be there to set up/food

-   Paper reading 3/2

    -   michael already booked everything

    -   ask Michael if he wants reimbursements for food

-   Deep Learning Workshop 3/2

    -   2 weeks from now, room booked, everything good 2 go

    -   just gotta make slides

-   Da Club 3/3

    -   \"da clurrrrrb\" - megan

    -   bring your ID and it should be fine

    -   Eric is gonna go anyway

    -   hopefully school ID should be fine

    -   the Fri after next Friday

    -   theme prediction is NEON (uhhhh \"laundry-theme\"\...\....)

    -   \"do you normally *not* wear clean clothes\...?\" - Jessica

-   Hackathon 3/4-3/5

    -   we still don\'t have sponsors :\\

    -   hard to find sponsors this close to such a big event

    -   we are canceling because it is impossible to find a judge :c

    -   b&

    -   we will make next semester\'s AMAZING\~\~\~

    -   Eric & Sid are gonna push next sem\'s onto companies that we
        want *immediately*

    -   indrel\'s job is to find hackathon sponsors!!!!!!!!!11!!11!

-   Startup fair 3/8

    -   everything is going gr8 nothing to report

    -   Eric & Megan need to tell each other shit o no

    -   \"my b\" -Megan

    -   Eric is leaving soon so Megan & Eric will figure things out,
        Eric should ping Megan if she forgets

    -   if anyone wants to help Megan find startups, pls pls pls message
        her!!!!!

-   GM2 3/10

    -   Tushar\'s dad is speaking!!

    -   he will send PB an email to make sure it\'s confirmed

    -   rest is on Neil (but he\'s sleeping & not here o no)

    -   room is booked, decide food next week (not pizza; Megan wants
        Angeline\'s)

-   Yt channel

    -   LaTeX workshop is up!!! 81 views

    -   12 subscribers

    -   i don\'t creepily stalk my own channel / \"can you stalk your
        own channel\...?\" - Jessica

    -   Eric\'s ML Workshop is \"partially\" up

-   OH

    -   \"what do you do at office hours?\" hard to respond because it
        was anonymous feedback lol

    -   Office Hour is \*your\* time to be head of the room: tell people
        to clean up, greet people, always represent the CSUA well

    -   but we understand this isn\'t always possible b/c hw and stuff

    -   just be more alert and pay attention to surroundings

-   Socials!

    -   Megan/Neil getting new place on the 1st so we can use their
        place!! :D

    -   (pregame for da club) (off-topic banter about da club and IDs)
        (Barak and Eric can talk about this later)

-   Server

    -   EVERYTHING IS UP NOW\~\~\~

    -   leftover things: if you see any bugs, pls report to Root (root
        slack channel, root email root@csua.berkeley.edu)

    -   everything *should* work but just let tushar/root know if
        something is broken

    -   lots of things are on root to do list but understaffed

        -   mark important things as \"high priority\" to root@csua

        -   eg. water got wiped & reinstalled, killing our only way to
            get to Venmo b/c it was linked to Neil\'s old phone that he
            no longer uses rip, so Yitz needs treasurer email!!!

            -   but it will take some time to get csua emails working
                :((

                -   but Tushar can get it kinda working for Yitz

    -   Root Day is next weekend! Saturday 2/25

        -   Caleb will be presenting

        -   room is booked

        -   not yet on calendar \-- Megan will add Root Day to CSUA
            calendar

        -   Root Day is open to all members of the CSUA but not FB event

            -   mish will send out email\~

    -   find ppl who are new members but were unable to get official
        accounts b/c server was down

-   Company feedback

    -   this is being sent out to companies

    -   one company says: 10/10, v organized/publicized, smooth event,
        but event location lacked area for attendants to eat (HP)

    -   yay good job guys

    -   should we have companies write their names on feedback forms?

        -   yitz says nah b/c anonymous feedback gets better responses

-   Funds

    -   \"public funds\" - Yitz

    -   Yitz will submit forms \"soon TM\"

    -   \"goddammit Deepak\" - Yitz

    -   a few companies had to pay via credit card but Deepak hasn\'t
        responded in a week

    -   Caleb also needs to talk to Deepak

    -   lots of talks about forms and filling out forms and etc.

    -   Deepak told Yitz/Caleb the wrong thing :(((

    -   we need to not go through Deepak b/c he\'s overworked but we
        don\'t have a way of receiving credit card payment otherwise

    -   we can\'t really push Deepak to go faster

    -   course of action: ping him, if he doesn\'t respond, email
        companies, tell companies Deepak is being slow, if they\'re ok
        w/it they can pay us directly

    -   side note: as treasurer, Yitz has to make funds publicly
        available to club members

        -   fun fact if you wanna know how much money we have just ask
            Yitz!

-   Prosps

    -   Jason Yeung

        -   went to IBM & ML workshops

            -   ML +: he is a beginner, nice to get his feet wet in
                machine learning, liked it

            -   ML Δ: \"i like started to nod off towards the end\...\"

-   Officer Points

    -   every person should be added to a folder on CSUA drive

    -   you can track your officer points (3 pts/month)

    -   it is UP TO YOU to keep track of your own points

    -   we rolled over Jan. pts to Feb. so you need 3 pts for all of
        Jan/Feb

-   Wishlist: showcase, Assassins

    -   both are being tabled

    -   \"but they are relevant and on the board every week\...\" -
        Megan

    -   mild interest in Assassins

        -   IT\'S SPOONS, not \"water in the food\" - Robert

-   Alternative Facts

    -   if you play an instrument and would like to play music, join the
        new CSUA band!

    -   lots of people play instruments yay

    -   there is a slack channel

-   Movie Night

    -   next weekend

    -   Jonathan will reserve same room as bday kickback

    -   Champagne & Totoro/Mononoke

    -   the event is called 61B Project Party

-   \"I\'m trying to stall for Caleb\" - Yitz

-   \"can we not stall, I need to eat\" - Barak

-   Vday gifts!

    -   o no Ben isn\'t here, Tushar is contacting him

    -   Parth isn\'t here either :\\

    -   why are there multiple linked lists????

    -   yay we r done!!!
