2/1 CSUA Meeting agenda

-   Attendance - Ray, Megan, Jessica, Nerissa, Daniel, Arthur,

    -   Robert was sliiiightly late \>:(

    -   Ani was more late :\<

    -   Jeffrey was even more loate .-.

    -   Eric was even even more late \>.\<

-   Goals this semester

    -   Flyers

        -   Jessica is going to make a February flyer!! (after 61c)

        -   Root day is on our flyer!

        -   Arthur has some community events so he should message
            Jessica with info after

    -   Hackathon

        -   Room is booked (Woz)

        -   Megan will send a formalized schedule to Anna so we have
            something concrete for companies

        -   Regents wanted a room to host a hackathon

            -   Anna should talk to rcsa about what they want to do

                -   If they want to cohost we can take their \$ and run
                    something good hehexd

        -   Open theme/Super broad theme

        -   Cost 4k

        -   Manning the hackathon

        -   Get judges for the hackathon

        -   Megan should talk to other clubs about cohosting post
            figuring out RCSA thing!

    -   Root, Root day

        -   We have publicity!!!

        -   Thank Jessica!

            -   Probably will post on CSUA page so we don't get too many
                randos

    -   Maersk

        -   Still blocked by Robert

        -   Nithin or Mark and Robert, atleast two of them will need to
            go into server room and install the OS

            -   Everyone is busy :\<

        -   Need to get it done before Sunday

        -   Caleb wants to reinstall soda vm so it can get put back up
            so we have @soda.csua again!

        -   Robert has things under control

            -   And will make his notes into slides for root day

    -   Workshops

        -   Arthur is scheduling them, he's waiting on people to respond
            to schedule the dates

            -   Yitz LaTeX, next two weeks

            -   Robert Vim

            -   Eric CV/Autonomous Vehicles

            -   Sid/Eric BLUCKCHAINNNN

            -   Barak Michener Kubernetes

            -   Ask JT about docker workshop

    -   Tutoring

        -   Ray will send an email blast/slack blast about what tutor
            reqs are

        -   Showing Megan transcript

        -   Officer points

        -   Must show up to your own OH

        -   If we have no people wanting to do this we will not have
            tutoring

        -   If 10+ people have interest, then we going full force

    -   Podcast & YT

        -   Anna is not too sure about what she should be doing here

            -   The roles haven't been planned out

        -   Podcast Planning Committee

            -   AV - video, camera, lights, mics

            -   Interviewers - Atleast 1, maybe 2

            -   Videotaping

            -   Editing the video

            -   Scheduling interviews/Outreach with professors

        -   2 is a good number of podcasts hopefully for this semester

        -   Anna should blast \#officers with an interest form and make
            a slack channel

            -   Might be worthwhile to write a project description so
                people know what's going on

            -   Also make sure there's good amounts of interest among
                officers

        -   Goals

            -   Prof visibility

                -   More personable

            -   Prof research

                -   Advice, etc

        -   20-30 mins could be good

        -   For maximal success, have people with connections with
            professors help out in outreach

            -   Megan can try to talk to Josh Hug

        -   Anna should a timeline of things to do and buying things

        -   Make a when2meet? For what times work and schedule people at
            times that work.

    -   Photos

        -   Jessica will post all the pictures at once on our FB page!

    -   Room reorg & back room

        -   Room is decent shape now

        -   JT cleaned it, bless him

    -   Swag & Branding

        -   Anna made things!!

            -   A polo shirt

                -   Sorta annoying because have to order women's/men's
                    sizes

            -   Long sleeve shirts/Crew necks

                -   Super cheap :o

            -   Paste designs into office chat and people will voice
                their opinions with emojis!

        -   Megan ordered things!!

    -   Website

        -   Not updated website, OH linked to wrong thing

        -   People will be working on things during root day!

        -   Things will go onto root todo list

            -   Jessica will forward anything necessary to Robert

-   Events/other

    -   GM \#1 1/26

        -   \+

            -   Food

            -   People mingled!!

            -   Good organization

        -   Î”

            -   Attendance :( (like 10 different GMs)

            -   Expensive food

            -   Too much food

            -   Was advertised a bit worse

                -   Too many events on the same week leading to
                    confusion on what to advertise first

                -   Should be doing 3day/1day advertising

    -   Startupfair 3/7

        -   Nothing in particular needs to happen on this on our end

        -   Megan will take care of things

    -   Hackathon 4/14-15

    -   Amazon 2/15

        -   There's no information on it but that they're talking about
            internships..?

        -   Anna will ask Bennett

            -   And then Stephanie if still unconfirmed

        -   We will make an event when we have detail

    -   Costco

        -   It happened and we have food

    -   Socials

        -   Arthur has two ideas!!

        -   Karaoke night for officers/prosps 2/16

            -   Limited to officers for uh reasons

            -   Good time for event

            -   Arthur will make an interest form

        -   Movie night!!

            -   Some kind of late night kickback type thing in Woz

                -   Open to everyone

                -   Through the night and hang out?

                -   Friday/Saturday evening

            -   Late Feb/Early March

                -   Another fun social with BGs/DDR

                -   LAN Party with HKN here?

                -   Arthur will look at dates this weekend

        -   Arthur will do anything yall want if you have ideas!

PB Only

-   Getting members more involved in projects

    -   Working with companies(startups) on projects?

        -   CSUA isn't too well suited for this

            -   Join CSUA for fun times but we don't have any vetting or
                anything to make people stick to the projects - Megan

        -   Maybe have a trial run?

            -   We sorta have with Maersk...

                -   Obligation vs Interest has a huge difference

                -   A lot of people haven't worked on Maersk even though
                    Robert has been trying to push it...

            -   Root day and company projects aren't the same but
                they're pretty similar

        -   CSUA is a hub for people to meet and possibly connect, not a
            place for projects

        -   "We have a small amount of impact on students on campus" -
            Eric

        -   Send out an interest form?

    -   Educate and then allow people who are good to work on company
        projects?

    -   Needs a new PB role, will continue on this later

-   Mentor/Mentee?

    -   Prosps/Officer?

        -   Arthur will make a mock format of this and send it on slack
