10/21/15 Meeting Minutes

Attendance: Austino, Leo, Megan, Neil, Barak, Kevin, Yitz, Sid, Jason,
Susanna, Ana, Claire, Angela

Castlight Infosession:

-   Pluses/Deltas:

    -   Pluses:

        -   Turn out was fine

    -   Deltas:

        -   Cavier screwed up and didn't give us enough food

        -   fixed it!

            -   Lets just not use Cavier for delivery anmore.

Movie Night with UPE:

-   Pluses/Deltas:

    -   Pluses:

        -   decent turn out (\~20)

        -   people talked between the clubs

        -   food was good

    -   Delta:

        -   Movie choice could have been a lot better

        -   delivery food was kinda weird

        -   didn't have a key to get table out of HP storage room

        -   no sign up sheet for officers to help out

Twitch Infosession (10/28):

-   Twitch wants sliver and veggi/vegan/gluten free

    -   Sliver + Salad ??

    -   can we confirm with them to see what they want to do

    -   aiming for 100 people

    -   

-   Drinks?

    -   pick up drinks on the hackathon run this next Tuesday

Hackathon (10/29 - 10/30):

-   PRIZES?!?!?!

    -   1st Prize: Monitors (\$150 - \$200)

    -   2nd Prize: Headphones (\$100 - \$150)

    -   3rd Prize: External Harddrive (\$50 - \$100)

    -   Want to do something like honorable mention?

        -   We have Chromecasts in the back -\> want to get rid of them

        -   could also buy some raspberry pis

        -   just pick four teams -\> "honorable mention"

-   Judges:

    -   Jason reached out to Microsoft, Google, Pinterest, Meraki

    -   Jason will email some more companies

        -   Call Meraki soon

    -   Will ask for alumni by next Tuesday

-   Finalize the poster

    -   add the ADA/ASUC thingy to the bottom

    -   print and post!

-   In class announcements:

    -   make a spreadsheet and someone needs to go do it

    -   make facebook posts in different groups

-   Food:

    -   Costco Pizza for dinner

    -   midnight sushi

    -   Noah's in the morning

    -   LaVals for lunch

        -   wanted to get sandwiches, but they're not that great from
            LaVals

        -   could replace it with Indian food?

        -   Thai food?

        -   Gyros?

        -   Burrrriiiitos!

        -   Think that we are going to do half and half Montegue's and
            LaVaals

    -   Want to order this weekend/early this week

-   Logistics:

    -   Megan is going to pick up some Halloween stuff this weekend!!

-   Website:

    -   Austino needs to make the website before this Sunday

NerdWallet (11/3):

-   Still haven't responded?

-   Megan will email them again and see what's up

GM2 (11/4 6:30 - 10):

-   Jeff Atwood Speaking

    -   Susanna will ask him what he wants to talk about so we can
        publicize

-   Food?

    -   still undecided

-   Flyer?

    -   get it out and posted by next Wednesday

-   Facebook event has been pushed

    -   add that Jeff Atwood is the cofounder of StackOverflow

Office Misc:

-   Re-arrange the office:

    -   Ana is in charge

    -   See the email for the new layout

    -   will be happening on 10/31 at 10 AM

    -   deep clean office

-   Work??

    -   going to get a written proposal from Neil/Sanath

    -   No real way to really distinguish what's work and what's not

    -   if we rearrange the room for work space/computer space

        -   desktops are more of a first come - first serve

        -   still reasonable to ask someone to use the computer to work

ACTION ITEMS:

Megan:

-   contact Twitch and see what they want to do about the gluten
    free/veggi options

-   post the hackathon facebook event in different groups

-   find out who is going to be coming up to Berkeley with a car and
    when, etc.

-   follow up with NerdWallet

Jason:

-   contact more companies for a hackathon judge

-   call Meraki about hackathon judge

Eranda:

-   Print and post the hackathon posters

-   post the GM2 flyers by next Wednesday (6:30 - 10)

Austino:

-   Create a hackathon website

Susanna:

-   check with Jeff to see what he wants to talk about at the meeting

Ana:

-   Office re-arrangement!
