3/10/15 Officer Meeting Minutes

Attendance: Megan, Claire, Ana, Ryan, Susanna, Robert, Leo, Jason,
Forest, Jessie, Kara, Eranda

Late Peeps: Chris

GM \#2

-   +/Deltas

    -   Pluses:

        -   speaker was awesome

        -   good turn out

        -   officers were helpful

        -   food amount was good

    -   Deltas:

        -   facebook event sooner

        -   finding date that don't overlap?

            -   not really possible

STEM Day

-   Do we have any volunteers?

    -   Go to the sign-up sheet.

        -   Megs will send out the spreadsheet again

        -   also will post it in the facebook chat

    -   might it rain...?

        -   we can get plastic baggies, but probably will just leave

-   MSUA

    -   will have a Pi day activity

    -   want to know if the CSUA would like to help out

    -   Also want a monetary donation

    -   going to decline - \> feel that it conflicts with STEM day

        -   will send out an email blast

Startup Fair

-   quick note: we are closing the sign ups for companies today

    -   will start making maps

-   T-shirts should get here Friday/Monday

-   If you want to help out with the mapping/company description, let
    Claire know

    -   Claire will send out the volunteer sheet again

Department Meeting

-   HKN student survey responses

    -   only got like 400 responses out of the 2k that they sent the
        survey to

-   result: Students are fuckin' stresed man

    -   grades, midterms, jobs

-   department wants to start a de-stress activity during/before Finals
    week

    -   each student group is to host some sort of event

    -   PROFESSOR DUNK TANK

    -   yoga, tabling (cookie/energy drinks), Memorial Glade games
        (bouncie house, etc), chair massages, day in the Woz, talent
        show, campus tour

-   the department wants the student groups to "chip in"

-   All of the other student groups seem to be helping out

    -   SWE, IEEE, AWE

-   what kind of activity do we want to do:

    -   easiest one for sure is to table

    -   will create a poll for the de-stress ideas (must be done by
        Wednesday night!)

    -   we will need people to help out

    -   will likely be during RRR week

-   also will be a de-stress workshop

    -   free FOOODS

    -   sign up -\> the department sent out an email

-   Faculty Retreat

    -   will be some time in April

    -   talk about the survey results

Hackathon

-   April 11-12

-   First thing to do is decide the date/time

    -   Microsoft Puzzle challenge is on the same day (4-11)

    -   might need to adjust the amount of food, etc

    -   Need a facebook event and flyer

-   WHAT TIME TO START:

    -   we want to start sometime in the afternoon to improve turnout

    -   starting at noon would cause us to end at 6 AM if it were an 18
        hour hack

        -   will do a 24 hour hack

    -   TIME: 12 PM Sat - 12 PM Sun

    -   22 hours to hack, then 2 hours to judge/present

-   Need to find judges

    -   Jessie can ask Alumni if they want to be judges

-   PRIZES?!

    -   if sponsorship, we usually have monitors

    -   possible prizes: Monitors, keyboards, hard drive, headphones,
        chromecasts

    -   (\$200 - \$100 - \$50/75)

    -   Decided that we want the range will be:

        -   4 x \$175

        -   4 x \$100-\$150

        -   4 x \$50-75

    -   possible prizes: keyboards headphones, mice (nice ones),
        external SSD, chromecast

-   do we need a website?

    -   yes please!

-   What we will provide:

    -   Lunch on Saturday (\~1 PM)

    -   Dinner on Saturday

    -   Midnight Snack

    -   3 AM snack

    -   Brunch on Sunday

-   Start set up around 11 AM on Saturday

-   End hacking around 10 AM on Sunday

-   Get the event out this Friday!!

MS CFG

-   April 6th 6:30- 8:30

-   Got the woz and an overflow room

-   2 hour coding challenge; they are bringing the prize

    -   tablet, gift cards

-   They will handle a lot of the publicity themselves

    -   we need a facebook event by this Friday

    -   will need to print out the poster that they gave us and post
        around Soda/Cory

Alumni BBQ

-   need to create the facebook event

-   need to contact the alumni and get the word out

UPE BBQ

-   4/4; we paid for the room reservation, so we just need to come up
    with a plan to figure out what is going on

-   make sure to post to the group/email to all the officers

-   need a facebook event page

    -   will help us get an estimate of how many people are coming

    -   Megan will see if we can invite all members or just the officers

-   Do we want to have any sort of structured events?

    -   can talk to UPE about that

    -   perhaps bring up some more board game

-   Need to find out who is grillin'

{Megan exits}

Server Stuffs

-   Department was doing server maintenance, and we didn't know about
    it, so we didn't turn off our servers in time

    -   need to reconfigure some stuff to fix everything

-   Want to have more people who are familiar with the hardware

    -   ROOT DAY

    -   Colin can help us out with this since he knows a lot about the
        servers.

-   ROOT DAY:

    -   3-4 hour long meeting

    -   general information and some stuff that will be helpful

    -   send out a when2meet so that everyone who wants to attend can
        attend

        -   need to decide if we just want to allow Root staff or all
            officers

    -   Robert will send out an email by Friday with a when2meet

Office Misc

-   Need a restock

    -   Ana will talk to Jack about a car

    -   Redbulls

-   keyboards!

    -   tech Chang needs to clean some keyboards yo!

    -   Promises that he will have it done by Friday

-   Microwave?

    -   ours finally kicked the bucket

    -   we can use Claire's old one until around June

    -   do we want to get a new one?

        -   why not wait until there is a sale

    -   Ana will figure out how to get rid of the old Microwave

New Officers!

-   Susanna!

-   Why do you want to be an officer and what can you contribute to the
    club?

    -   CUSA creates a welcoming community for people who are interested
        in CS and we host a lot of events that Susanna likes to attend.
        She wants to contribute instead of just attending

    -   She is really interested in teaching CS -\> wants to be able to
        help out people who are taking lower division courses

    -   came to GM 2; Setting up for the Startup fair

    -   Pirates;
