9/24/15 Meeting Minutes

Attendance: Leo, Yika, Michelle, Sanath, Kevin, Susanna, Jason, Megan,
Ana, Claire

Late Peeps: Neil

Intuit Tech Talk:

-   Pluses/Deltas

    -   Pluses:

        -   good speaker!

        -   good turn out

    -   Deltas:

        -   Food timing -\> people were getting up during the
            presentation

            -   should pick at the beginning or the end

            -   Need to make this clear with the company

            -   maybe station people near the food?

        -   not good timing -\> moved things too quicky

Meraki Tech Talk:

-   Pluses/Deltas:

    -   Pluses:

        -   speaker was great

        -   food was good

        -   good turn out (compared to RSVP)

    -   Deltas:

        -   late planning/not ideal times to host events

Intuit Hackathon (9/25-9/26):

-   Contract:

    -   want a cost breakdown

    -   Asked for \$5k before we knew if they were/were not paying for
        food

    -   Breakdown:

        -   Food: \$2.1k

        -   Drinks: \$500

        -   Pick up: \$75

        -   Room Reservation: \$275

        -   Publicity: \$50

        -   TOTAL: \$3k

        -   Plus the organizing time/staffing the event

    -   Total cost to the CSUA = \$900

    -   Phi Sigma Rho wants half of the sponsorship money

        -   3k (Food/drinks) + 2k (Sponsorships) from before

    -   Ask them for \$2.5 k (just about what it would have cost without
        food)

        -   \$1350 sponsorship total

-   Food/Drinks:

    -   Got from Costco

    -   Ana and Claire are going to pick up food

-   Publicity:

    -   Eranda posted \~16 in Soda + 2 in Cory

    -   PSR hasn't picked up theirs yet

    -   Facebook event -\> push tomorrow

    -   Send email out to members

-   Timeline:

    -   8 PM Friday -\> Start

    -   4 PM Saturday -\> End Hack

    -   4:15 -\> Judging starts

    -   5:15 -\> Presentation End

-   Megan will get the timeline confirmed

-   310, 405 are overflow rooms

    -   may need to prop them open, etc.

GM1 (10/2 8pm - 9pm):

-   need to email the EECS Grad Student Group asking if we can set up a
    little early

-   Plan for food for \~120 people

    -   Chinese?

    -   Indian?

    -   Gypsy's?

-   Posters?

    -   Eranda will post \~20 by next monday

Intersocial with UPE

-   Possibilities:

    -   League Viewing Party

        -   check with eSports

    -   Ultimate Frisbee

    -   Water balloon fight

    -   BBQ

    -   Hack +

    -   Movie Night

    -   paintball

        -   transportation

        -   make sure that people are going

    -   bowling

-   We will decide on what we want to do

    -   Movie night, frisbee, and capture the flag seem good

CSUA Hackathon (10/30 - 10/31)

-   Sponsorships?

    -   We have Meraki, but lets try to find 1-2 more

-   Going to start planning for prizes next week

GM2 (11/4)

-   Speaker: possible past CSUA president

    -   Jonathan Blow

    -   Susanna will email?

Facebook Ice cream Social (9/29 12:30 - 2)

-   Recruiter from facebook who is starting a new project

    -   wants to provide tutoring to students in middle/high school

-   Aga is bringing all of the icec ream

-   Megan will post in Jobs and CS Jobs

-   Need to figure out what CSM/other groups are doing

-   Find some volunteers in the office day of

Office Misc:

-   Cleaning -\> toooonite

-   Sake's Graphics Card

    -   something's amiss

    -   Tech VP Austino will fix it

-   Incentives:

    -   Officers/Members who helped at events get priority on computers

    -   

ACTION ITEMS:

Megan:

-   Confirm with Phi Sigma Rho about the event times

-   Post about Facebook Role Model thing in Jobs/CS Jobs

Jason:

-   Contact PSR about the contract details (\$2500)

-   See if we can find any more sponsors for the hackathon

Eranda:

-   Push the Intuit Hackathon FB Event

-   Send out a mail to mailing list about Intuit Hackathon

-   Post posters by next Monday for GM1

Susanna:

-   Email the EECS Grad Student Group

-   Figure out what kind of food that we want

-   Check with UPE about what we want to do

-   Email Jonathan Blow about being the speaker for GM2

Ana:

-   Make a new sheet of rules
