1/28/15 CSUA Officer Meeting Minutes

Attendance:

-   Ana Shuler, Claire Lieu, Megan Zhu, Robert Chang, Michelle Tian,
    Alex Chu, Austin Kim, Simon Wu, Ryan Erickson, Kara Gieseking

Student Leadership Meeting

-   Toastmasters

    -   want to get more of the EECS people in communication clubs

    -   will probably get a blurb to email out to our members

-   Faculty Retreat

    -   Thursday and Friday, April 23 and 24

        -   will only need to go up for one day

        -   staff can carpool and drive our rep up

        -   will get lunch

    -   Need to send one rep -\> Let Sarah know by 3/13

    -   Present important issues to all of staff

-   Town Hall meeting

    -   going to be tacked onto the end of undergrad social hours

    -   lets undergrads talk about issues with some of the faculty

-   CalDay

    -   might want to give high school students tours of Soda

    -   Table?

-   HKN survey

    -   will talk about more at next Leadership meeting

    -   will be used to figure out what to talk about at the Faculty
        Retreat

-   Resilience Project Ideas

    -   Stanfurd created this project that detailed how prominent
        figures overcame hardships

    -   want to start something similar for the EECS Department

Unix/Vim Workshop

-   Pluses/Delta

    -   Plus:

        -   Someone said that it was good

        -   Got 10+ people signed up

        -   great turn out

        -   lots of officers helping out -\> lots of people to answer
            questions

    -   Delta

        -   Unix was too long

        -   entire event was too long

        -   time management -\> how long to let them work on problems

        -   do not use Dropbox anymore

        -   never posted the solutions to the power point

        -   Avoid talking at the same time

    -   Future Ideas

        -   make first exercise scp-ing the zip file off the server

        -   make a rehearsal to talk about what we're going to do

        -   do a mock presentation to the officers/PB

CSM

-   Afraid that they will conflict with the CSUA

    -   not really a conflict

    -   probably more of a conflict with HKN

-   Also going to host some events; not sure if we will conflict

    -   doesn't seem that there will be a problem

-   Mentors would hold small sessions with 5-10 students;

    -   help mostly academically in the lower division class

    -   accepted 120 mentors; want about 150 discussions for about 1 hr

    -   from 11-5, back to back sessions

    -   want to borrow the CSUA lounge (341A)

-   Want to borrow the CSUA lounge

    -   Want to use it for a long time

    -   would be okay with it if they did not use the room for the whole
        day

    -   can't just use half the room

        -   keeps a lot of people from using the room

    -   we can say 'no, but we don't know for sure yet

    -   we could let them reserve the room for a couple of hours, but
        they wouldn't have priority after that

-   Will tell them to talk about it with HKN and let us know what events
    that they will have so we don't overlap events

StartUp Fair Meeting

-   Claire and Jessie went to the meeting

-   3/11 or 3/18

    -   leaning towards the 11th

    -   CS 162 midterm on that day; late in the day, but many people
        wouldn't like to miss it

    -   will run this by the committee

    -   IEEE wants it to be on the 18th, but it is not sure

-   Have not figured out where to put the even

    -   cannot use the I-House like normal

    -   Thinking of using the stadium

-   IEEE is contacting companies and HKN is dealing with rooms

-   CSUA is in charge of the fliers and the tshirts and such

-   PURPLE!! or HOT PINK!!

-   make sure that there is no box on the bear on the shirt

GM \#1

-   Megan is mostly done

    -   will email the officers all the info

-   Gypsies for noms

-   Forest will drive, but only if we make him an officer \*today\*

-   Michelle will make a facebook event page so we can get a head count

-   Class announcement?

    -   no

    -   Piazza announcement

-   Write the announcement on the board on 2nd floor Soda/3rd floor hall

-   can print flyers

-   Will bring up the board games

    -   Make sure that nothing is taken

-   Will decide who wants to do the little "CSUA Talk"

-   Start set up at 5:30

    -   Start event at 6:00

Hackerrank

-   Jessie isn't here because he had an audition

-   want to do a CFG and a tech talk

    -   want to be in mid/late February

    -   no Woz in Feb; hard to get a room

    -   could break it up and have HP and food outside

-   Could do 2/27 from 7-10 PM

    -   not enough time?

    -   Too late for lots of people

    -   Workshop right before hand; not enough time to set up

-   Could do HP and split into other rooms

    -   no food in HP

    -   might be too difficult

-   Could we do it in Cory?

    -   Hogan room - capacity = 50 people

    -   No availability

Microsoft Coding Competition

-   Microsoft wants to host a coding competition for Cal students

-   would provide prizes for the top coders

    -   provide mentors

-   will have food and supporting us this semester

-   Currently no room; will have to have wait for later in the semester

-   Think that it is a good idea; will need to find a room

    -   Shoot for April

-   Only two hours

Office Misc

-   Keyboard?

    -   Need to make sure that if people spill, they clean/pay for it

    -   need to report accidents as quickly as possible

    -   perhaps put a keyboard covers on?

        -   buy covers

    -   Clean the keyboards at least once a semester

-   Cleaning!

    -   Office cleaning sessions that will start at 7

    -   no gaming until the office is clean!

    -   will not know the date unless you go to the meeting that week.

    -   You don't get to game unless you clean!

        -   priority for people who help us clean

-   Back room camera

    -   Drop cam

        -   web cam and raspberry pi?

        -   We have one

        -   Tech Chang will on this

    -   could use a raspberry pi

    -   Need to be more careful about the office ocde

    -   Old code still works -\> need to fix

-   Swap Computers

    -   Why didn't we just switch the graphics cards?

        -   mother board issue??

    -   Make notes about what's wrong with things

    -   Mead

    -   new photo for Rum

    -   Just need to install some software

-   Move the servers back to the server room

-   Need new Hard Discs

    -   Don't need too much if people just play DOTA/LoL

    -   Should we get some more?

    -   We have Coke/Tequila's hard drives in the back

    -   could just stick the old hard drive back in so we have the Linux
        stuff

-   CSUA Network

    -   people are talking about how AirBears sucks

    -   want to get our own router in the office

    -   put Tech Chang in charge of it

    -   Jeff says that his come up multiple times, but nothing has ever
        happened

    -   Could use the computers to tunnel, but we need to get more
        network cards

-   Robert needs to talk about the DNS stuff

-   Officer Requirements

    -   too many event requirements?

    -   4 events + 1 cleaning

    -   We think this is good.

New Officers!

-   Austin Kim

-   Forest Hughes

-   New officers:

    -   Jack Martin

    -   Christopher Dinh

    -   Youdong Zhang

    -   Jingwei (Jason) Tu

-   Ana will email these people and let them know that we're starting
    the evaluation process.
