8/23/15 Meeting Minutes

Attendance: Roberto, Austino, Eranda, Megan, Susana, Jason, Claire, Ana

New Student Orientation:

-   time for the student groups to talk about what we do/our mission

-   Eranda is going for sure

    -   Jason/Claire might go, depending on their other meeting time

-   Explain that we're for everyone, without a GPA cap, what we do,
    events, etc.

-   Talk about the Welcome BBQ, Unix/Vim Workshops

Ice Cream Social (8/28 4-5 PM)

-   What we did last year was really good

-   with the department, we got a lot of sign ups last year

-   want to order table cloth so that we can put it on the table

-   fix the mailing list

-   Austino and Claire are on the list for sure

    -   Eranda might be able to do it

VIM Workshop (9/4 7:15 (7:30) - 9 in HP)

-   Ana can do this one if no one else wants to

-   Austino is going to oversee Ana while she does this

-   Git?

    -   HAB usually does this one; we don't wanna do the same thing as
        they are

-   Room reservation should be complete

-   FB event by next week

-   Do we want to swap with the Unix workshop?

    -   Do we wanna combine? -\> no, not really

-   15 minutes to troubleshoot/install for windows

-   60 minutes of instruction

-   30 minutes for Q/A and signups

-   Look into the plug ins for sublime, eclipse, etc

Unix Workshop (8/31 6:30 (7) - 9:15ish in HP)

-   Austino will do this one

-   The powerpoint that Colin and Alex made is superb

    -   show claire the power point this next weekend

-   Teach this like people have never done this before

-   First 30 minutes will be installation/Introduction

-   Next 1.5 hour is basic unix commands

-   Last 30 minutes is Q/A and sign ups

Welcome BBQ (9/2 7-10 in Woz)

-   Aim for food for about 200 people

-   250 doggies

-   50 veggie doggies

-   drinks for 250 peeps (cans)

-   10 big bags of chips

    -   FB event has 420 sign ups, but not all of these people are
        probably gonna come...

-   Do we want to allow seconds?

    -   stamp people's hands?

    -   stickers?

    -   Buy a CSUA stamp?

-   There is a Twitter Tech Talk right before, so we will need to ask
    them if we can use the grill outside

    -   Talk to Atlie

    -   Just hot dogs

-   Posters!

-   Welcome BBQ Slideshow to talk about what we do

-   Board Games

    -   Ana will be in charge of games?

    -   Susanna will make a list and check with Ana

-   Sign ups

-   Meet new people!

-   Susanna will make the slide and present

-   Eranda and Susana on sign ups

-   Poster for Welcome BBQ

Class Announcements

-   Courses: 61B, 61C, CS70, CS10

-   Unix Workshop

    -   61 A

<!-- -->

-   Vim Workshop

    -   61 A

-   Welcome BBQ

-   General information: what we do, when/where the BBQ is

-   Piazza posts!

Cisco Tech Talk (9/3)

-   XRG event

-   Seems like they want to cater their own food

    -   Claire is going to check tomorrow to make sure

-   Claire is going to check what we need to do for this

-   Facebook event

Bright Edge Tech Talk (9/11)

-   Want to have a tech talk, but they are confirming on the event

    -   We need to know by Tuesday, 8/24 if they confirm

-   Jason will send them a contract

-   Search Engine optimization. what their CFO to just talk about stuff

    -   Could ask if they want to talk during GM2

-   Sponsorship: \$800

    -   covers food, room reservation, posters, etc

-   Times are not confirmed -\> Going to check with Atalie about what
    time the XRG event is at the same time

Deep Forest Media (9/11)

-   

Microsoft Tech Talk (9/17)

-   XRG -\> Can do some recruiting

-   Megan will check with Anthony (cc Carolyn) to see if they want food,
    etc

    -   send out on Thursday, 8/27

    -   Find out if they need poster, facebook, food

Intuit Tech Talk (9/18)

-   Check with Atalie about this one as well

    -   XRG event that overlaps

Meraki Tech Talk (9/22)

-   Know exactly what they wanna do

-   Make sure to send the contact to them earlier

-   Want a sponsorship for the hackathon

    -   will check how much that we want to ask them for

-   check if they wanna give us judges for the hackaton

-   two weeks before the event: remind the events person for food,
    posters, fb event

Intuit Hackathon (9/25 - 9/26)

-   Jason is calling them on Tuesday

-   Want to get everything sorted out by this Friday (8/28)

-   Also wanna work with Fyro (not sure what they are going to do for
    us)

-   They have two themes for the hack, and you can only do these

    -   18 hours CFG?

    -   Call Hack into-it

-   Make sure to get the contract out to them by this Friday (8/28)

-   Receiving the Swaaaaags

Intuit Tech Talk (9/18)

-   Slow to respond to us; not making it super easy to plan

Pinterest Tech Talk (10/1)

-   Have a specific name for this

-   Will send out the contact to everyone

Summer events

-   Good job PB! We did really good things over the summer

-   Plus/Delta for Ice cream social

    -   Pluses:

        -   Turnout was good

        -   people had fun

        -   board games were a hit

    -   Delta

        -   don't get tub ice cream -\> too hard to scoop

        -   no sign ups/ didn't set up the sign up thing very well

-   Plus/Delta for Hack+

    -   Pluses

        -   lots of people showed up

    -   Deltas

        -   not enough people to help out (officers)

        -   There were people in the office who didn't help out

        -   not a lot of sign ups

Sponsorships

-   we're having a lot of trouble getting to the amount of companies
    that we want

    -   we don't seem to have enough people

-   we don't have the ability to reach out to as many companies as HKN

-   would we want to have an Indrel group?

    -   would also be a great way for the new members to get involved in
        the CSUA

    -   we could give this a try

    -   only would want officers in the group

    -   add this to the list of officer opportunities

Office Misc

-   Clean up the office?

-   Food in the office:

    -   we need to make sure that an officer approves the food

    -   we need to make sure that it is being thrown away

-   Money?

    -   Summer went goodly?

-   Costco Run

New Officers!

ACTION LISTS

Ana:

-   order a table cloth for the ice cream social

-   Prep the Vim workshop

-   Get some volunteers for the Vim workshop

-   Tell people to show up more often

-   when sending out the new officer apps, advertise the indrel/root
    committees

-   make CSUA business cards

-   get some smaller bags for the recycle bins

Austino:

-   Fix the check box for the mailing list

-   look at the Unix power point so that Claire can review it

-   Make sure you have a Windows computer so that you can teach the
    little ones how to instal stuff

-   Volunteeeers!

-   Apply to be an officer button on the website

Eranda:

-   make FB events for the Vim/Unix workshops by Monday, 8/24

    -   Make a note that the first 30 minutes is optional for Windows
        installation

    -   Talk to Austino about the event description

-   Make FB event for the Welcome BBQ

-   Make posters for the Welcome BBQ

    -   Print 25 copies and post Soda/Cory (Hackerspace)

-   signup sheet for the Welcome BBQ and the Vim/Unix workshops

-   send out emails to professors so that we can do the in class
    announcements

-   Piazza posts by next week!

-   Cisco Tech Talk FB event by Tuesday 8/25

Megan:

-   Send out the stamp design by Tuesday (8/25)

-   Email Atalie about the Brightedge tech talk and the XRG thing on the
    same day

-   Email Microsoft (Anthony, cc Carolyn) about tech talk

    -   food, poster, fb event

Susanna:

-   make the side for the Welcome BBQ

-   make a list of games that we want to bring to the BBQ

-   write some white board announcements on 2nd floor soda and 310 soda

Jason:

-   Check with Brightedge about the tech talk

-   Sort out the intuit hack and tech talk by Friday (8/28)

    -   we need to figure out food, posters, fb, etc

-   Order CSUA business cards

Claire:

-   talk to the department about the faculty lunch
