3/3/15 Officer Meeting Minutes

Attendance: Megan, Isabel, Ryan, Claire, Ana, Kara, Jeremy, Michelle,
Youdong, Robert, Jason, Jessie is in Spain (lucky ducky)

Late Peeps: David

General Meeting 2:

-   Fooood: Urbann Turbann

    -   about 40 people @ \$7.50 per person

    -   30 meat + 10 veggie

-   Drinks are in the back

-   volunteer sign up?

    -   looks good!

-   FB event?

    -   Facebook is dumb - we can't invite everyone if the group is
        larger than 250

    -   Maybe we could make the event from the page?

    -   Maybe we could put it in more groups

Mounza:

-   Opportunity to have ladies in STEM fields meet Tim Draper

    -   invited to attend a tech talk in San Mateo sometime in April

-   Mounza is in charge of the event

    -   Want different student groups to get the name out

    -   Seems like the main thing is they want us to promote their App

-   Do we want to host with them -\> does CSUA want to be a beta user of
    the App?

    -   We would have to put our events on this app

    -   \$1 per referral

    -   Seems kinda like they want endorse their app

    -   we could just send their facebook events to members

        -   this seems fine

    -   We don't really want to try and use their app

    -   Anyone want to do this?

        -   They would need to create a profile and post to the App
            every time we want to have an event

        -   Would be able to keep track of who comes to our events

            -   would give some data on who came

        -   Supposed to replace a "sign-in" process

    -   We are okay with publicizing the event, but we don't really want
        to work with them on this app

-   We suggested that they contact more of the lady-oriented clubs on
    campus (SWE, AWE, etc.)

    -   supposed to be working with one of the Sororities that are
        associated with EECS

-   Decision: We will publicize the event and send out an email blast,
    but we won't try to work with the App

STEM Day:

-   The event will be hosted on Memorial glade from 11-3 on Pi Day

-   We were interested in tabling - do we still want to do it?

    -   They also do the Pi Day video competition, etc.

    -   Pretty sure that we are only really interested in tabling.

-   We will need some volunteers!

    -   Megan will make a sign-up sheet

    -   Need at least two people per shift!

Side Note: Ordering banner/tablecloth?

-   banner could be better because we could use it in more situations

-   tablecloth is good when we are tabling

-   will decide later

Hack ++ with ASUS

-   could hold it this Sunday or April 26th

    -   Decided the 26th

-   Megan will acquire foods and snacks

LAN Party

-   Will be hosted on April 24th

-   we will provide hardware (computers and games, etc.)

-   Megan will make a signup sheet

-   Tech Chang

    -   make sure pnunez account works on all Windows partitions

    -   make sure we have wired AirBears

-   Need to make sure that we have everything catalogued before we go up

-   Megan will talk to HKN about setting up around 5:30

Infosessions with Zynga

-   3/19; we don't yet have a time nailed down

    -   Ryan will sort things out this week

UCB Startup Fair

-   Claire is ordering T-shirts today

    -   MAKE SURE THAT YOU HAVE SIGNED UP WITH YOUR T-SHIRT SIZE

    -   See the volunteer sign up sheet

-   Going to create a map starting next week

    -   going to be pretty busy

-   Looking for someone who can drive \~100 balloons on the day of

Office Misc

-   Mail pooped itself

    -   we were messing with NSF

    -   we had some drives that weren't right

    -   we borked it - they wanted to rebuild all of the discs

        -   We don't use any of the internal drives

-   Keyboard cleaning

    -   Tech Chang will borrow Colin's key remover

    -   Tech Chang will send out a date by tonight

        -   perhaps next week Tuesday (two at a time)

    -   Ana will order a new Key Remover

-   Vodka has been having blue screen problems

    -   Tech chang will take care of it

-   Sound Issues

    -   Every computer but Water should have monitor sound

    -   Tech chang will check to see if it is a monitor

-   Cleaning Issues

    -   PICK UP YOUR SHIT DAMNIT

-   Frosted Glass CSUA banner

    -   David might make us one!

-   Light above Rum is out

    -   Ana will go talk to the front desk about getting it fixed

-   Megan wants to re-do the whiteboard in the lounge

    -   we want to keep the asylum bit

-   Gotta make sure that the door is open

    -   Tell people!

    -   If there is group work going on in the lounge, sometimes people
        will ask them to close the door
