4/28/15 Meeting Minutes

Attendance: Claire, Ana, Ryan, Tech Chang, Jeremy, Michelle, Jason,
Sanath, Jessie, Susana

Lateeeeee Peeeeeeps: Eranda

Lan Party

-   +/Deltas

    -   Pluses

        -   HKN helped set up -\> Use them in the future

        -   lots of people brought their own computers

        -   Sanath is awesome! (some intersocietal mingling)

            -   Smash!!

        -   There were some people playing board/card games

        -   Good officer help setup/cleanup

        -   Office cleaning went really well

        -   No lost equipment

    -   Deltas

        -   HKN didn't help clean up at all

        -   CSUA peeps took the computers for most of the time

        -   HKN shoulda brought more food

Alumni BBQ

-   Plus/Deltas

    -   Pluses

        -   Put up directional signs

        -   We had enough food

        -   good officer help (aside from people being late)

        -   Colin was really helpful

    -   Deltas

        -   Almost all of the setup crew were late

        -   not enough hot dogs/sausages

        -   Make sure we put up signs earlier

            -   and take them down

        -   Not enough Alumni and student mixing

        -   let the event go too long -\> had to keep an officer in the
            Woz for a while

ASUS Gaming for Good

-   Pluses/Deltas

    -   Pluses

        -   The money that we collected was good! (\$89)

        -   Turnout was good (\~40)

        -   Amount of pizza was just right

        -   Raffel was good! Lots of good prizes

    -   Deltas

        -   Jeff had to clean up everything himself (and Jong too)

        -   Not enough people at the end

        -   The goal wasn't super clear

            -   We weren\'t sure what the event was going to be

            -   Make sure that we get the mission statement from the
                person

        -   Snacks ran out really fast

        -   Internal/External events needed to figure out who is in
            charge

GM \#3 (5/1)

-   Food

    -   Megan is working to make sure that we have vegi foods

    -   People like Chinese food!!

-   Facebook Event

    -   Michelle will publicize in different groups by Wednesday

-   PB Retreat

    -   Claire will send out a when2meet

    -   current PB needs to be there for the first two hours

Intern Mixer (5/6)

-   publicize the event

    -   Michelle: send out an email blast!

De-Stress Breakfast

-   Date: Wednesday, 5/6

<!-- -->

-   Time: 11 AM - 2 PM

-   Place: Breezeway

    -   Claire will talk to the department about reserving the room

-   Food?

    -   Noah's Bagels

    -   Donuts

    -   Coffee

    -   Orange Juice (MEGANS JOB LOLOL)

Office Misc

-   Email Replying

    -   Job Emails?

        -   Michelle has sent out a few; Do we have enough to send out
            more?

-   Office Cleaning

    -   do we want to put a sign on the door reminding people to throw
        away things

    -   Megan will draw a saaaad puppy

    -   Sanath will make a sign to put on the door

-   Backroom

    -   Possibility of locking the back room

        -   maybe put a key in the cash drawer?

        -   lock only at certain times?

        -   maybe a lock box to put the key in?

        -   talk about putting a camera/fake camera in the back

        -   The "Beware of Dog" sign

-   Faculty Retreat/Gifts

    -   Usually get gifts for the faculty

    -   thank you dinner?

        -   during Finals week?

    -   Who will we invite

        -   Brian Harvey

        -   Chris Hunn

        -   Lily

        -   3rd advisor in Cory (Sarah Von Nostrad)

        -   Atalie

        -   Suzanne

        -   Sara/Dahlia

        -   John DeNero

        -   Josh Hug

        -   Room Assignment Dude (Michael David Sasson)

        -   Laura

    -   Date: (check with faculty)

        -   send out a when2meet?

        -   give them a list of days?

        -   To be Determined

    -   Food: (yummy restaurant food)

        -   Everest?

        -   in the Woz and catering?

        -   La Med

    -   Time: Lunch/Dinner

-   Moneies

    -   money is going missing from the cash drawer

    -   make sure that there is enough change in the drawer

    -   make sure to clear out the drawer once/twice a day

    -   possibility of using venmo for money?

    -   make a bigger sign for the fridge

-   Computer screws

    -   Tech Chang will figure it out with Sanath

-   WiFi

    -   can we get wifi for the office?

    -   need to talk to the department

ACTION ITEMS

Megan:

-   make sure that there are vegi options at GM 3

Michelle

-   publicize GM 3 in all of the facebook groups

-   send out one email about GM 3

    -   talk to Claire about the email list

-   send out email plast about the Intern Mixer

-   Facebook for the De-stress Breakfast

Claire

-   Talk to Michelle about the email list

-   Reserve Rooms

-   Send out the when to meet for the PB Retreat

Ana

-   Make a sign for the fridge about the money
