9/3/15 Meeting Minutes

Attendance: Claire, Ana, Megan, Susana, Jeremy, Kevin, Sanath, Neil,
Eranda, Jason, Kara, Watson, Caleb, Simon

Unix Workshop

-   Tech Austino wasn't in today, so we'll talk about this later.

<!-- -->

-   Pluses/Deltas

    -   Pluses:

        -   

    -   Deltas:

        -   

Welcome BBQ

-   Pluses/Deltas

    -   Pluses:

        -   All hot dogs worked out really well

        -   good publicity -\> turn out was really good

        -   there were a lot of good sign ups (70 - 80)

            -   going to work on the mailing list

        -   good amount of food

        -   got a lot of brand new help (thanks Kevin!)

    -   Deltas:

        -   Do not let people self serve the condiments

        -   move the condiment line over a little

        -   Mailing list

        -   Didn't have a presentation before we had food

        -   technical difficulties (computers weren't connecting to the
            projector properly)

        -   There weren't a lot of officers were helping out

            -   mostly just PB and new officers; not a lot of other
                people

            -   Seems like we will need to ban gaming during events

        -   Can't connect to the CSUA website on Airbears2

        -   Should have had name tags

Cisco Infosession

-   Pluses

    -   A lot of people showed up

    -   went smoothly

    -   Cisco was glad that we set up early

-   Deltas

    -   Not enough food

        -   Need to limit people to one slice at the beginning

        -   keep one/two officers by the table

    -   Set up the tables a little bit better

        -   move the tables aside so that we can fit more chairs near
            the front

Vim Workshop

-   Buffer of 15 minutes (Berkeley Time + 5 minutes) to help with GVIM
    setup

-   Get some helpers in order to help with installations

-   Snacks?

    -   Ana/Kara can go to Safeway and pick up cookies

    -   Set up a table outside and pass out the cookies

Student/Faculty Lunch (9/9 11:30 - 12:30)

-   Going to be one every month

-   pick the professor, create a google form to select the students who
    get to attend, department will send it out, and then we will pick
    \~12 of them

-   CSUA can send 2 officers

-   Schewchuck!!!

    -   Claire and Youdong will go as the CSUA officers

PDT Partner Infosession (9/10)

-   Atalie sent us the invite (with CAP)

-   The event is going to be held on southside

-   just want the CSUA to send out an email blast and have some officers
    down there to help

-   Same night as the Amazon infosession (5-7)

    -   Ana, Claire, Jeremy, (Neil) will go

Deep Forest Media (9/11 5-7)

-   More info?

    -   Megs will contact and ask for some more info (company blurb,
        etc)

    -   Ask if there is anything else that needs to be done

    -   find out if the rep is back from china

    -   Find out if there are any banners/materials that need to be
        shipped to the office

Brightedge Techtalk (9/11)

-   Contract issues

    -   Brightedge wants to be tax exempt

    -   Jason will email Depak to figure stuff out

-   Food?

    -   Megan is going to order food by Tuesday/Wednesday

Intuit Tech Talk (9/18)

-   Contract?

    -   Jason will send out by this weekend

Intuit Hackathon (9/25 - 9/26)

-   Still need to plan food

-   two problems, 18 hours

-   Food, judges, prizes, etc??

-   Facebook event

    -   Eranda will put it up this weekend

    -   Put the prizes on the fb on the (get from jason)

Hackerrank World Cup (9/12 10am - 6pm)

-   Facebook event already posted

-   flyer?

    -   they sent us one it seems

-   Food

-   Contact

-   Room

    -   Woz

    -   Overflow room -\> Meg will book 405

-   Jason will figure how to get the clearance for the CNBC stuff

Meraki Tech Talk (9/22 7(?) in HP)

-   food/contract still need to be done

-   Jason will talk to maraki a bit more

Hack 61A

-   We don't have the woz, but we have the overflow rooms

    -   Susanna will reserve the Woz again

Calapalooza

-   "Watson" (Michael) was really good at recruiting people

-   pluses:

    -   we had two chairs

    -   Jeremy/Michael were pretty helpful

    -   lots of people were coming to sign up for the club

    -   Megan and kara were there the whole time

    -   Printed out the flyers

-   deltas:

    -   Not a clue what we were doing

    -   need to decide if we want people to sign up for a mailing list
        or the account

        -   still having technical difficulties

        -   direct them to the office if they want to make an account

    -   Didn't tell everyone about our future events

    -   need to work on our presentation

    -   Get our table cloth/smaller flyers for events

Recruitment

-   had people signed up for the mailing list

-   have new peeps sign up for the mailing list

    -   send them to the office if they wanna sign up for an account

-   Welcome email

    -   want to send them a welcome email when they sign up with some
        information about the club, etc

-   Send out weekly email blast

Office Misc

-   Cleaning

    -   Recycling/trash needs to be taken out more often

    -   Make sure that people don't leave their stuff on the small table

    -   cleaning next week

-   Rules

    -   people have been breaking rules

    -   make sure we are enforcing the rules when we see issues

        -   punishment -\> take away the computer access

-   Officer OHs

    -   PLZ SIGN UP:
        https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1G9OxDpV8L8EHI2lKHs0MYXENL2K0j1GIi0WGpy1i\_Ew/edit\#gid=0

-   Restock

    -   talking to Ana about it later

New Officers

ACTION ITEMS:

\*\* Update the when2meet so that we can set up a new meeting time

\*\* Make sure that PB is CC'd on everything, etc

\*\* Make sure to send officers things in email, not via facebook

-\> fix the pinned thingies on the CSUA page

Claire:

-   Try to figure out how to use our mailing lists

-   Find out how to make officers help out at events

Ana:

-   Post the officer application to the facebook group

-   Order:

    -   HDMI cables (3x 6' ones)

    -   Sound cables

    -   Switch

    -   Mac Dongle for the woz/HP

    -   tablecloth

    -   banner stand

Eranda:

-   Set up the Deep Forest Media FB event

    -   use the flier blurb for the fb event

    -   find the company logo for the fb event

-   Set up the FB event for the Intuit Hackathon and Tech talk

-   Fix the pinned post and stuff

Megan:

-   Check with the Deep Forest Media people to see if they:

    -   want to ship anything to us

    -   have a blurb that they want to put on the fb event

    -   Check to see if the rep is back from China yet

-   Order food for the Brightedge Techtalk by Tuesday/Wednesday

-   Book 405 for an overflow room for the Hackerrank event

-   Food for the maraki Event

Susana:

-   Reserve the Woz again for the hack 61A

    -   Talk to Michael

Jason:

-   Email Depak about the tax exempt status of the events

-   send out the Brightedge contact

-   Send out the Intuit Techtalk contract

-   Contact Intuit about the hackathon prizes

-   Sent out the Intuit contract

-   Send out the Hackerrank contract

-   Finish the clearance for the Hackerrank CNBC stuff

-   Send out the Maraki contract

Austino:

-   Help Claire figure out how to use our mailing lists

-   Make automated confirmation email when people sign up for an account
