***Fall 2016***![](media/image2.png)

*This document is a list of the various ways a company can sponsor an
event at Berkeley EECS.*

*Numbers are estimates, and different fees can be negotiated.*

**About the CSUA**

Thank you for considering partnering with the Computer Science
Undergraduate Association (CSUA) at UC Berkeley. We are the largest club
in the computer science department and have over 30 years of experience
with planning events.

If you have any questions or would like to plan an event, please email
[indrel@csua.berkeley.edu]{.underline}. We are also open to helping you
craft a custom event not listed here. Thank you for your support!

**1. Tech Talk**

***Sponsorship***: \$800 - \$1475

Companies can present research they are currently doing, show new
technology/products being developed, or discuss the current field of
computer science industry. The CSUA will handle catering (covered by
sponsorship), advertising, flyers (optional), and room reservation.

**2. Info Session (CAP only)**

***Sponsorship*:** Through the EECS Department

This is similar to a tech talk, but companies can actively discuss their
open positions and solicit resumes. The CSUA will handle catering (we
will send you the invoice), advertising, flyers (optional), and the EECS
department will handle room reservation.

**3. Startup Fair Table (Startup only)**

***Sponsorship*:** \$750 (One Table)

The CSUA, IEEE, and HKN partner to host a career fair once a semester.
Companies may purchase one table to actively recruit students and
solicit resumes. Company must be a startup (having existed less than 5
years or having fewer than 200 employees). The CSUA, IEEE, and HKN will
handle all logistics including catering for recruiters, advertising, and
room reservations.

**4. CSUA Hackathon**

This fun event is a time for students to hack together on projects,
which they will present at the end of the event. As a sponsor, your
company will send representatives who will judge hacks built by students
and view talent at UC Berkeley. The CSUA will handle catering,
advertising, flyers, room reservation, prizes, staffing, and ground
logistics. This is a great time to find potential fits for your company!

***Sponsorship Levels**:*

-   *Platinum*: \$6000 (7 reps, 5 or more judges, integrated full length
    tech talk, Gold benefits)

-   *Gold*: \$4000 (5 reps, 3 judges, 40 minute tech talk, Silver
    Benefits)

-   *Silver*: \$2500 (3 reps, 1 judges, 15 minute talk on company,
    ability to be named to choose and endow a prize, Bronze benefits)

-   *Bronze*: \$1700 (3 reps, more prominent logo on website, 1 judge,
    Blue benefits)

-   *Blue*: \$700 (1 rep, logo on flyer and website, swag distribution
    from company, company logo and summary posted on Hackathon website)

**5. Coding For Grub**

***Sponsorship*:** \$2000

As the sponsor, your company representatives will present a technical
problem for the participants to solve. You will be able to view and
judge the coded solutions presented by the participants. The CSUA will
handle catering, advertising, flyers (optional), prizes, and room
reservation.

**6. Puzzle Challenge/Case Study**

***Sponsorship*:** \$1000 - \$200

This is similar to a Coding for Grub, but the problem does not have to
involve coding and can be more theoretical. We are happy to assist
companies in gauging whether a puzzle challenge or a case study is
appropriate for them. The CSUA will handle catering, advertising, flyers
(optional), prizes, and room reservation.

**7. Resume Workshop (CAP only)**

***Sponsorship***: Through the EECS Department

Company staff and engineers will individually critique resumes as
students finish them for the new school year, a great way to get to know
students individually and identify potential talent. The CSUA will
handle catering (we will send you the invoice), advertising, flyers
(optional), and the EECS department will handle room reservation.
