3/30/15 Meeting Minutes

Attendance: Claire, Ryan, Ana, Megan, Michelle

Latey Lates: Jessie, Austin, Jeremy

Infosession

-   Aspera - Thursday 5:30 - 6:30

-   Not a lot of turn out

    -   not well known and there wasn't a lot of time

-   ALL CSUA PEEPS SHOULD GO!

-   They don't want to do an invoice

    -   They will be ordering their own pizza (sliver)

    -   We are in charge of drinks

        -   will get a gift card

    -   Ryan will spam groups and give them food suggestions tomorrow

UPE BBQ

-   This Saturday 5 PM

<!-- -->

-   UPE is going to costco on Friday

-   Check the back room for supplies

    -   Megan and Michelle will check

-   Megan will spam people on Friday to remind them about the event

LAN Party

-   4/24 6 PM in the Woz

-   Megan will send out a signup sheet

-   Megan will find out if we need wired Airbears

    -   Robert will need to go get this done

-   Robert will need to make sure that the Pnunez accounts are all
    working

Alumni BBQ

-   4/25 at 12 PM

-   Megan will invite everyone in the CSUA group

-   Alumni will be invited by Hina

-   Megan will need to figure out a buy list

-   Megan will send out a signup sheet

CSUA Lounge

-   The department is renovating the 341 rooms (A,B,C)

-   They told us that we need to get all of the furniture out by 4/8/15

    -   We'd be losing the room for about \~Â½ the time

    -   TAs could host office hours in here and the other lounges

-   Claire wants to meet with Miles on Tuesday

    -   Will go to meet with Miles at 10 Tomorrow

-   Meeting with Miles

    -   Furniture?

    -   Is there a way for us to keep some furniture in here?

        -   storage?

        -   183A?

    -   Can we keep control (manage) the room?

    -   how will the room be arranged?

    -   Would students still be free to use the room?

    -   Pick up labels for furniture

-   What to do with Furniture?

    -   If we don't have a place to store?

    -   Will worry about this after the meeting

MS CFG

-   Parking

    -   MS peeps want to know about parking

    -   Ryan submitted a request for parking (2 spots)

        -   should hear back soon

    -   Jessie will send MS people an email saying that we will know
        about spots by Wednesday

-   Jessie will double check that we don't need to do anything else

-   The tablet isn't a prize - it's a raffle

    -   Michelle will update the FB event

-   Michelle will spam the group tonight and Sunday

-   FB event shows 73 people signed up (expect \~50% turnout)

-   Do we need a day-of contact?

    -   Jessie will ask for some sort of contact number

    -   Jessie will find out some more concrete details

-   Ryan will update the signup sheet and send it out

Hackathon

-   4/11 - 4/12

-   Judges:

    -   we've got Eddison so far (the only one) (from MS)

    -   Meraki

        -   maybe sending a person

        -   

    -   Hackerrank

        -   maybe sending a person

    -   Need to check with Meraki and Hackerrank to find out what they
        are doing

    -   Claire will act Rahul personally/Maaj

-   Prizes:

    -   Ana/Ryan will be ordering the prizes tonight

    -   Ana/Ryan will check to make sure the monitors look nice

-   Parking:

    -   Will be best to reserve 3 parking spots

    -   Ryan will reserve the parking spots

-   Publicity

    -   Michelle posted most of the flyers around Soda

    -   There's not too many places to hang them in Cory

    -   Ana will post by/in the Sandisk lab

    -   Class announcement

        -   Michelle will make a spreadsheet for class announcements
            next week

        -   Michelle will email professors this week

    -   Michelle will post in the Piazzas

Office Misc

-   Office Cleaning this week!

-   Tshirts

    -   We have shirts!!

        -   no smalls!

        -   can we re-order?

    -   would like to have PB/Officers to have shirts so we can wear
        them at events

    -   Do we want to sell these still?

    -   Michelle will talk to Hina about reordering

    -   Michelle will send out an email about buying shirts

-   Keyboards

    -   key removers are in the sec/tres drawer

ACTION ITEMS

Ryan:

-   spam facebook groups to get more people to go to infosession

-   give Aspera food suggestion tomorrow

-   Update the CFG signup sheet and send it out Monday

    -   Remind people again Monday Morning

-   Check the monitors in the back

-   order the Hackathon prizes

-   Reserve parking for Hackathon

Michelle:

-   Send reminder email for the UPE BBQ

-   Check for supplies in the back room

-   (maybe) make facebook event for the LAN party

-   Talk to Hina about reordering Tshirts

-   send out an email about shirts

-   Update the MS CFG prize list

-   Spam FB group today/Sunday

-   email 61a,b,c profs about class announcement

-   make class announcement signup sheet

    -   want to have these on Monday/Tuesday

-   post in the piazza groups about Hack

-   SEND OUT SOME EMAIL BLAAAAASTS

    -   CFG

    -   Hackathon

    -   Alumni BBQ

Megan:

-   Send out the UPE BBQ sign up sheet

-   Get Woz access on Friday

-   check for supplies in the back room

-   send out signup sheet for LAN party

-   find out if we need wired AirBears (and tell Robert)

-   figure out a buy list for the Alumni BBQ

-   make/send out a signup sheet for the Alumni BBQ

Robert:

-   Make sure that the Pnunez accounts are all working

-   get wired AirBears for the LAN Party

Claire:

-   Email Miles TONIGHT

-   ask Maaj/Rahul if they want to be judges

Ana

-   go check on the shirts!

-   Check that the monitors work

-   Order the prizes

-   Post flyers in the Sandisk lab in Cory

Jessie

-   Email Microsoft about parking spots

-   Email Microsoft to make sure that we don't need to do anything else

-   Ask Microsoft for a Day-of contact (phone number)

-   Email Hackerrank and Meraki tomorrow morning

-   Email
    [[hoser@csua.berkeley.edu]{.underline}](mailto:hoser@csua.berkeley.edu)
    looking for judges

Austin

-   fix the events page on the CSUA page
